

Chapter 122




On The Way to The Sea







At this point, Claudine hardly cared if she would turn out to be just as terrible as the man she was willing to call husband. She knew from the beginning that her fate would be tied to this man, no matter how much it tried to change, one way or another, her fate would always be entwined with him.

Moreover, that’s why she refused to let him go. She’ll drag them both through the ground, and tie them together to hell if need be.

“So you see, you’re never getting her back.” Claudine sighed out, leaning back into her seat, “She won’t ever want to go back to a monster like you.”

Matthias chuckled softly, and amusedly at her, giving her a big grin.

“I don’t mind her not returning.” He told Claudine, a genuine smile on his lips with a mad glint in his eye, “She can’t return if she’s dead after all,” He elaborated, his eyes staring hopefully into space…

“If she’s dead she won’t be able to leave me and run away from me.”

A cold chill ran through Claudine’s spine as she narrowed her eyes over to Matthias. Her lips pursed in observation as she continued to eye him warily.

“So you’re saying you’re going to kill her?”

Matthias met her eyes with a manic grin.

“Absolutely.”

Claudine scoffed in disbelief, before looking back at him incredulously.

“Have you finally gone insane?” Matthias only shrugged in reply.

“Who knows? Maybe?” He hummed delightfully, “Probably.”

“So you threaten her life,” Claudine asked him dryly, “That she’ll have to do as you say, or else you will kill her?”

Matthias frowned at the word. He did not like how she saw it as threatening.


“I don’t see it like that.” He answered softly, before going back to the topic at hand. “Besides, breaking off the engagement on your part will not have any negative effects on your family. In fact, it would seem as though it had been my failing. Isn’t this the best solution to both our concerns?”

He then resumed smiling pleasantly at Claudine once more.

“After all, I would end up bearing all the blame and shame for why the engagement didn’t push through. Take it as a compensation for all the trouble it will bring you and your family.”

Claudine breathed out, biting her lower lip in deep thought, before she narrowed her gaze towards Matthias.

“And if I don’t want to? If I decide to keep the engagement even after you bear all the shame and embarrassment, what would you do then? Kill me?”

Matthias chuckled amusingly at her.

“Why would I need to?” He asked her incredulously in amusement. Matthias shook his head lightly and finally stood up to his full height. “I don’t need to kill you to make you suffer a fate worse than death.”

He politely straightened himself up, before smiling pleasantly towards Claudine once more.

“Though I’m quite certain I won’t have to result in those means,” He stared at her knowingly, “You’re intelligence is beyond your usual counterparts after all.”

“Don’t speak as though you know me.” Claudine snapped at him in a harsh whisper, her mind already running a trip down memory lane on the events of her younger days.

The harsh lessons, intensive grooming to be a Duchess. The incessant reminders that she’ll never compare to her father’s bastard sons who will inherit everything, while she will become another man’s responsibility, but still bear the responsibility to her birth family.

She’d cried endlessly before, trying her best to endure everything. The only reprieve she ever got was whenever she’d go to Riette, who had distanced himself forever from her. He had been the only place she could feel herself momentarily breathe in relief once more before going back to her real life.

And the internal embarrassment and knowing that despite everything she did to be the perfect lady, no one, not even her fiance, found her worthy enough. He’ll always covet a lowly orphan, with no manners and influence, compared to her.

Streaks of tears spilled out of her eyes, before she gracefully dabbed them away with her handkerchief.

“You don’t know anything about what I could do.” Claudine told him blankly, eyes staring into space, “You don’t know how much I can do.”


Claudine began to sob, as tears flowed seamlessly out of her eyes. Her cry was echoing even through the doors of her home. Anyone who’d be listening in could only assume it was tears of distress at the knowledge of her fiance heading off into war.

Matthias stood there, looking at Claudine’s wracking form, before he decided to leave.

Once Matthias left the street leading to Brandt’s residence, he couldn’t help but look up at the sky. He laughed to himself as he gazed at the dazzling, bright and beautiful sky overhead. He breathed in deeply and felt his whole body relax with an undertone of giddiness.

And so the days began to roll by, and on the day that was supposed to be his wedding, Duke Matthias von Herhardt reported to duty, and began to serve as commanding officer in the Berg’s Sixth Army.

As his men and companions around him hardened up and braced themselves to face enemy lines, he couldn’t help but feel so excited.

Any moment now, he’ll be going to Sienna.

Any day now, he’ll reach the city of southern beaches and beautiful waves to find his true goal.








Kyle staggered to his feet as soon as the extreme nausea finally subsided. He groaned in pain, his throat and stomach throbbing in the excessive hurling he’d just done. He took a few more steps, before hobbling beneath a tree and sat beneath it with another groan.

He could still smell the disinfectant and antiseptic even if he was a distance away from the field infirmaries set up. There was also a hint of iron in the air, reminding him of just how much blood was being spilled and the ongoing field surgery in one of the tents.

He could see the military doctors flapping the tents open as they rushed in, out and around the barracks. Kyle took a shaky breath as he saw some wounded soldiers walk in and patted his stomach lightly, wordlessly willing it to settle down again.

He was so tired, and it seemed like his stomach had finally tired out as well from all the hurling he did.

“Hey,” a light tap made its way to his shoulders, making Kyle jump a bit as he looked up and saw another military doctor crouching down over at him. “Are you feeling okay?” the doctor asked.

Kyle hoped he hadn’t spaced out long, and began to clamber back to his feet, when the doctor prompted him to stay down.


“No, keep sitting.” the doctor lightly ordered him, and promptly took a seat beside him. Then, wordlessly, the doctor brought over and gave him the bucket he had been holding.

As one of Kyle’s direct supervisors for field experience in their school, the doctor was also responsible for ensuring Kyle and the rest of his classmates would be fine while they were rendering service.

Kyle wasted no time in giving him a heartfelt gratitude and began to rinse his mouth free of the remnants of his vomit, and promptly took a huge swig from his bottled water once he was finished.

Unfortunately their reprieve had been short-lived, when all of a sudden shouts and calls of panicked ‘medic’ were soaring through the air. Some of them had come from the tent.

Some of the patients out of surgery were now waking up.

Immediately, Kyle and his supervisor rose to their feet and quickly resumed their duties.

“How long do you think this will continue?” Kyle asked, a mix of worry and exhaustion could be heard in his voice. His senior-only pursed his lips grimly, their hands quickly working between themselves absentmindedly as they did their work swiftly and efficiently.

“If the current progress continues,” the doctor grunted, eyes quickly scanning their current patient before preparing the things they needed, “We should be able to break into the country in no time. It’s any day now.”

Kyle efficiently assisted in the process, his eyes scanning their surroundings from time to time until his assistance was once more required.

The lush green forests they once arrived in, were now beginning to turn red. But the trees by the borders in Lovita were still of greenish-blue.

“We must keep on persevering, at least we’re not actively engaging enemy forces.” The doctor continued, and patted Kyle on the shoulders in a comforting manner, “If we’re lucky, the war will soon be over, and we can go back home in time for winter.”

Where the doctor marched, Kyle promptly followed, his eyes, ears and hands quick to aid whatever was requested of him. Yet, with every passing day, the more Kyle believed an end could not possibly be achieved despite the encouraging words from his superiors.

Not when everywhere he looked was only pain, destruction, and even death. Even if the war finally ended, everyone’s lives had already been irrevocably changed. If he was already witnessing this much destruction, on a side his betters believed to be winning the war, he dreads to see what the other side’s camp looked like. And his heart hurt at the thought of it.

No one, especially the innocent, ever survived unscathed in wars.


When the declaration of the war came to their university, he was astonished to realize that even the medical students were conscripted to serve in the war effort as well. Even other courses, like engineering and the like, were made to serve through their respective skills.

Quickly the sudden arrival of war was buried in the urgency of serving their empire.

The school systems all over the region were quickly revised to accommodate the war. And in no time, a large number of convening troops and armed forces were being transported to their respective posts.

Kyle had been so scared at the prospect of being in a war. His entire senses were heightened, his anxiety spiking up with every task they were being given. In no time, Kyle quickly realized how soon he needed to adjust to serve in the war.

He had no choice but to do so, lives were on the line.

When he and his group had been deployed to their respective stations, it had already been a battlefield. Kyle was immediately shaken out of his frightened shell, and forced to swallow down his fears to save the lives of those defending their country.

Half of the time he dreaded failing. This was no longer just all theoretical, no longer a certain number on a test saying he failed. If he fails here, someone will die. He only finished one year in medical school, and while it was spent most of the time assisting operations, it hadn’t been this urgent.

And especially not on a massive scale, like the continuous influx of wounded soldiers.

“Both of you, head to the commanding barracks!” Barked a random officer that Kyle vaguely recognized.

“How many officers were injured?” quickly asked by his supervisor as he immediately grabbed a first aid kit.

“I heard the army captain had been shot. Most of the other injuries were minor as well, hence he hadn’t been rushed into the infirmary as the others were.” they quickly grunted in response, “Go on! Make haste!”

Immediately Kyle was quickly led back outside and followed quickly after his supervisor.

Something in Kyle’s eyes immediately changed, and hardened at the mention of heading towards the commander’s tents. He knew it was poor of him to think so, but he hoped deep in his heart…

That whoever had been shot was a familiar face.






Leyla watched as one after another, the large trucks went in and out of the museum’s storage facility. She couldn’t help but watch the entire process with a frown of confusion. She hadn’t really been working in the place for so long, but she couldn’t help but hold on tightly on the strap of her bag anxiously.

This process had been going on for days in the museum. The storage facilities housed many of the museum’s precious specimens and national jewels. The director had made an announcement that they were being relocated, and they had ample measures to secure every priceless artifact in those trucks.

Still, she couldn’t help but feel it was an unusual thing to do.

Once the trucks were gone, the dead silence in the roads resumed and Leyla stopped walking. She paused and observed the roads with a somber expression. The trucks had been the only vehicles to pass through these roads in days.

She remembered hearing the mayor of Sienna give an announcement that the Confederacy had everything under control, and that the tides of war would soon be in their favor. But every day, more and more refugees kept spilling into their borders that Leyla found it to be hardly encouraging when the otherwise was evidently true.

From the refugees she managed to talk to, they had tales of the Berg’s empire fiercely advancing south. Lovita had all but abandoned the northeastern fronts and reappropriated most of their forces down west.

There simply weren’t enough men to defend the capital, and they had little doubt Sienna would soon be forfeited to Berg as well.

Protests had been vocally made by the people in defense of their king, declaring they would not be abandoned. Sienna was a key region in Lovita’s army after all, it was in this city that most supplies for their navy and military were coming from.

Still, everyone had grown weary and a single thing going wrong could trigger everyone into panic quickly. Bill and Leyla were in the same boat as them as well.

She quickly did the groceries, and promptly made her way back home. Unfortunately, everyday the prices hiked more and more, while the supplies became less and less.

Most of the supplies were also being diverted towards the military front in the guise of defending their country. As a result, even some items in the market that used to be everyday items were now becoming scarce to see in stock.

Leyla found herself lying in exhaustion on her bed as soon as she arrived. She would prepare dinner later, but for now, she needed to rest her sore feet. Her back was beginning to hurt lately, and she couldn’t help but feel bloated.


The elation she felt upon releasing the constriction around her abdomen was simply immaculate. Upon further thought, she entertained the idea of wearing looser clothes.

As she kept thinking about one thing after another, Leyla eventually found herself drifting off to sleep without meaning to. She only woke up when a glaring thumping sound had suddenly begun. She quickly awoke with a start, grunting in the suddenness of her awakening and groaning as she sat up.

Had something fallen off the table again?

She rubbed her eyes, yawning off the sleep and blinked the drowsiness away. She let out another quiet sigh, when another blaring sound rang. She frowned and tilted her head in thought.

That sounded like it came from the streets. And followed shortly, were panicked calls of her name.

“Leyla! Leyla!”

She quickly gasped and shot up immediately to her feet! It was uncle Bill!

She rushed out of her room, just in time to see her muddied uncle burst through their front door in a blind panic!

“Leyla!” He immediately sighed in absolute relief, before he quickly urged her to pack some essentials, “We need to go dear, quickly now!” He grabbed a random bag and filled it with whatever they needed, and, “Come on, Leyla!” Bill snapped at her urgently once more when she remained frozen.

Leyla snapped back into action, also gathering things she thought they might need before they rushed out of the small apartment. By the time they reached the streets, another sound had rung all over the streets once again!

And then it clicked to Leyla. They had been oriented about many different alarm sounds.

This one indicated an air strike from the enemy!








Kyle stifled in a groan of distaste upon assisting in treating the injuries of the commanding cavalry officer. In his opinion, while multiple fragments of shrapnel were embedded in his shins, most of his injuries were wildly exaggerated from the prior report.

He couldn’t help but wonder how such a weak willed man ended up commanding a unit of the Emperor’s vital army.


As soon as he was dismissed from assisting, Kyle respectfully turned away and released a quiet sigh, before his eyes landed on a familiar face. Immediately, his eyes hardened into a glare once more and bore holes into the man he wanted to see killed before the enemy.

Unfortunately for Kyle, the bastard was unscathed as ever.

Kyle glanced back and saw the doctor finally disinfecting the area around the wound, and beginning to wrap it up. Kyle could feel eyes on him, and when he turned back around, he saw the Matthias, sitting crossed-legged on his cot, and smoking.

He was watching them with an interested glint in his eyes.

“You medic!” a random soldier shouted at him once he saw Kyle simply standing, “Don’t just stand there! Treat the Major!” he yelled at him and Kyle looked at him and back at the Duke.

The Duke was the major, how wonderful. He thought sarcastically.

Begrudgingly though, Kyle made his way over to him and stopped a foot away from the Duke. They stared at each other for a while, before Kyle decided to break the silence and get it over with as soon as possible.

“Are you injured anywhere, Major?” he asked dryly. Wordlessly, Matthias let out a low puff of smoke before straightening up. He flexed his arm and stretched it, before rolling up the left sleeve of his combat suit.

Kyle’s eyes were immediately drawn to the bloodied spot of the uniform, before a bloodied makeshift bandage was revealed to him.

Kyle could immediately see it wasn’t a minor wound, and couldn’t help the small thought of satisfaction at realizing the Duke won’t be coming out unscathed, even just physically, either. Immediately, he shook the terrible thoughts away and knelt down to prepare for work.

“I need to take a look.” He said, snapping gloves on quickly, and looking for affirmation from the Duke, “This might be a little tender.” He lightly warned, and Matthias nodded at him, before Kyle began to assess the injury.

Still indifferent as ever, Kyle thought dryly. At least his antipathy was always consistent.

They weren’t in the same unit, that much Kyle knew. Still, he couldn’t help but feel a twinge of fury and amazement at the Duke’s complete ignorance of his presence, even as he’s being treated by someone he knew hated his guts.

Kyle wished he could be as apathetic as he was, but he could not. While the war may have taught Kyle to be more tolerable of things he did not agree with, he could not stop the ill wishes he had of the man.


But that doesn’t mean he’ll compromise his morals and work ethic. He knew he was chosen immediately as the Duke’s medic because of the tag in his uniform. Everyone knew that the Etmans were the doctors for Herhardts.

With calm, and practiced motions, Kyle eventually found himself frowning as he assessed the injury.

So the man with the shrapnels wasn’t the commanding officer they were reported about, but the Duke then. This was a gunshot wound, and the other one was just another noisy commander wailing about skin wounds from shrapnel of a grenade.

With complete concentration, and steady hands, Kyle managed to remove the bullet from the hole.

“It’s time to suture it.” Kyle sighed out, before frowning, thinking about the treatment carefully, “I think.” He murmured quietly to himself, reviewing quickly in his mind if it was the correct process in dealing with a gunshot wound.

Despite his obvious hesitation, Matthias seemed to have no qualms in trusting Kyle to do his job, and only had one thing to say to him.

“Do as you want.” Matthias told him with an encouraging nod.


Chapter 123




That Name







“Did it hurt?” Kyle asked impulsively after he was finished disinfecting the area around the wound. Most of the military doctors and medical officers around him had finished up their job around the barracks, and had been summoned to the others who needed them.

The only ones left around him were Matthias and the other commanders who just got treated.

Kyle wasn’t asking because he was concerned about the Duke’s pain. Instead, he simply found it baffling how such a madman could act so aloof and calm as though he was just another bystander in the war.

Perhaps it was because he was used to seeing people suffer that even a bullet in his body wouldn’t make him feel pain at all.

Matthias looked at Kyle without saying anything. All he had to respond to him was a faint smile on his lips.

Almost like mocking Kyle that he was unimportant. Kyle couldn’t help the boiling anger bubbling up in him before tediously stamping his anger down. His grip on the scalpel loosened up, trying to flex his fingers to avoid digging it into the Duke’s neck.

Something about the Duke here was different from the Duke he met previously in front of Leyla and Uncle Bill’s old, abandoned cabin. Almost like he’s back to how he was before Uncle Bill and Leyla disappeared than the wallowing madman he’d lately become.

He’d been receiving word from his father about the Duke’s health developments. Dr. Etman had made it clear he was desperately worried about the Duke’s well-being, and expected Kyle to do the work for him in the field as he was unable to.

It wasn’t that Kyle wanted to do this. On the contrary, he’d love to leave this man to his own devices, and hopefully someone out there was skilled enough to kill the Duke.

But alas, Leyla loved this man. He had no doubt if she were to hear the Duke’s death, she’d be sorrowful and inconsolable.

And so he resolved to just do as he’s told. Not actively seeking the Duke out for his health, but certainly never shirking his duties.


Kyle stepped back with clenched teeth when he finished dressing the wound. Sensing he was done, Matthias promptly stood up from his seat and rolled his sleeves down nonchalantly. He bent down to pick something up, before turning back towards Kyle, with a drink in his hand.

“Join me for a drink.” Matthias offered him with his practiced gentleman smile as he held out the drink for the medical student.

Kyle could almost laugh at his audacity.

“I don’t think the good Major and I are on good enough terms to be sharing drinks together.” Kyle instead replied dryly yet respectfully all the same.

“Then drink with me all the same, even with the bad blood between us.”

Kyle pursed his lips, narrowing his gaze at the Duke. He couldn’t fathom what the point the Duke was trying to make. Was he making light of Kyle’s righteous ire for him? Was he making fun of him?

If so, the Duke had a morbid sense of humor that only worsened every time he heard it. However, Kyle was not in the mood to be ridiculed, and wordlessly took the drink.

Matthias seemed to have smirked and turned around to pick up a glass of his own, and they lightly clanked the glasses together. After that, Kyle threw his head up as he tossed all the alcohol down his throat, drinking it all in one go!

He could feel the brandy sliding smoothly down his throat, leaving fiery tingles in its path. He watched as Matthias pristinely downed his own shot of brandy.

“Major seems to be very happy despite being shot.” Kyle remarked lightly, and Matthias hummed and shrugged.

“Perhaps I am.” He answered, putting the glass face down on the table, and shrugged back on his military coat. “After all, we’re finally breaching Sienna.” He stated with a confident smirk.

The Duke’s velvety voice made the statement sound more appealing, but Kyle could still see him for what he truly is.

Nothing but a madman indeed.

Kyle promptly put down the shot glass the same way Matthias did, barely stopping himself from slamming it down in his disgust of the man. The Duke was moving as smoothly as ever, when Kyle knew how painful it would be to move the wounded arm.

But he acted completely unbothered, not even a little bit derailed by the pain.

Matthias von Herhardt was certainly bred for a war.


He could continue to eat, drink and sleep well despite the number of people he’s seen dead and killed, or killed them himself. It had only taken him a few months to rise from the rank of captain to major, all praising him for his skills and ability.

He even looked like he himself was preening from all the praise he was getting. Kyle had no doubt now why the enemies would call him a demon.

And call it wishful thinking on Kyle’s part, but he seemed not to be the only one to find the Duke especially unnerving. He’d noticed by now how guarded the other officers, even the higher-ranking ones from the Duke, would keep him at arm’s length.

Still, they respected and praised him for his commands and strategies. Being under his command certainly increased the probability of most of them returning alive. The statistics prove as much despite his lack of interest about that certain feat of his.

So why was he excited to go to Sienna? Kyle couldn’t fathom it to be something relating to the war. Matthias didn’t think like that. All he currently had to work with was how elated the Duke was to be getting close to the city.

Seeing him so amused after so much blood had been spilled was odd. Kyle was only thankful he was fortunate enough to not be facing him in the war. However, he had no doubt that if they continued to press their advantage, the Herhardt family would gain another war hero for the empire as soon as the war ended.

“Well then, you are dismissed.” Matthias commanded him, effectively indicating he had no further need for his company. Kyle all but grunted out his frustration and gave him the proper salutations before quickly leaving the Duke’s vicinity.

While he returned to his usual barracks, he looked up at the sky, listening aimlessly to the sounds around him. The foreign sky was so full of beautiful constellations. He hoped with his entire being that Leyla and Uncle Bill would be safe wherever they may be.

And then he hoped the next bullet to hit the Duke, to hit his stone-cold heart next time.








Once the ruckus had died down, multiple people began to pile out slowly from the chapel’s bomb shelter in the basement. Darkness blanketed over the ransacked city, as rubble and ruin surrounded them and filled the streets.

The fear fathering around the bell tower and the town’s square was palpable.

“I can still hardly believe this is what we’ve come to.” Bill muttered out softly in a daze.

Rumors had begun to spread as Berg continued to advance into their lands. First, Vellof, another powerhouse of the Northern Union, would begin to mobilize their fleet to block their reinforcements from sea. And then they’d bombard the cities nearby.

Everyone brushed it off as false rumors spread by the enemies to dishearten their spirits and tried to believe the best scenario was still possible.

Only it wasn’t.

The evidence of the truth was glaring in front of them in the form of ruin and destruction.

“Well, Vellof certainly did a good job in clearing the city. At least we won’t have to hear those deafening bells anymore.” Bill said, trying to cheer Leyla up with a little silver lining. But Leyla could only stare in fear at the collapsed bell tower in front of them.

She turned to Uncle Bill with a stiff smile.

“Yeah, I just,” her frightened eyes stared back at the ruins, “I’m still wrapping my head around it.” Unconsciously, she hugged herself, trying to self-soothe. “It must feel so empty now without the bell.”

She thought her problems were over as soon as she got away from Arvis. They finally have a place to call fully their own. It was cheap, clean and beautiful, but the main problem in the area was the bell.

No one loved to live in a place where a bell would loudly ring to indicate a new hour had passed. But, of course, now there was no more bell to worry about, but did they still have somewhere to live?

Are they ever truly lucky?

Now that she was thinking about something else, she could finally begin to feel herself breathing again.

Suddenly Uncle Bill piped up.

“Come on now, get on my back,” he quickly told her, as he crouched down in front of her, “Let’s see if we can go home.”

Leyla’s eyes flashed with irritation as she glared at her feet. She felt stupid forgetting to put on her shoes. Immediately, she started to decline his offer.

“Oh, no need Uncle,” she immediately said, “These socks are quite thick. They’re like second shoes.”

“Come now, it’s no trouble.” Bill persisted, “Quickly now, at this rate we’ll have to sleep in the streets if you keep dawdling.”

“Please, I can walk.” Leyla kept insisting, telling him she’ll be able to rest after a walk.


Her dress fabric was rather thin. And she’d removed her belly band when she went for a short nap before the warnings of the air strike. She had made sure to be extra careful, and began buying loose-fitting clothes…

But the deep-seated fear of disappointing Uncle Bill still persisted in her.

Uncle Bill only eyed her carefully. He’d had some suspicions lately, but he wanted Leyla to come to it on her own terms. But it seemed like he needed to confront this topic as quickly as he could.

But do current circumstances make the need to be immediate?

Uncle Bill was still at a loss on how to broach Leyla’s trauma. Every time he even thought about addressing it, Leyla would just shut down and refuse to talk about it by steering the conversation into something else.

It was frustrating, and made him more guilty of how an inadequate caretaker he was, still is.

“Such trivialities,” Bill huffed out softly, “Why are you so stubborn about this?”

Leyla hunkered in on herself, fearing she just disappointed him more.

“I’m sorry uncle.” She muttered softly. Uncle Bill eventually sighed, and rubbed her head comfortingly.

“Well then, you sure you can make it with just those socks?” He asked instead, pointing to her woolen socks. Immediately, Leyla wasted no time proving her point by shooting up to her feet and making a show of how unbothered she was.

Uncle Bill only smiled at her determination, and relented to her. He held out his hand for her to take, to which she eagerly did, and clung desperately onto his arm before they walked down their rubbled streets.

Some parts of the surrounding buildings were destroyed in the air strike, but the further from the bell tower then walked, the less the damage seemed to be. It led Bill to think they had concentrated the attack around the center of the town, and not all over.

To keep their spirits up, Bill engaged his foster daughter in conversation, playfully berating the piloting and targeting skills of Vellof pilots, even going as far to compare their incompetence to the chef in front their apartment, who only cooked dismal food at best.

“Don’t worry Leyla,” Bill said, “I doubt they’d return again.”

It was a lie. These things never happen just once.

“I’m sure you’re right, uncle!” Leyla quickly agreed.

They knew they were lying, but to believe otherwise would only make them resign to their fates.

“Hey uncle,” Leyla piped up, biting her lip nervously.

“Hmm?”

“Why don’t we talk about what we like instead?”

“Oh?” Bill piped up, “What we like?”

“Yes, talking about that will make me feel better. So let’s talk about that instead.”

Uncle Bill laughed, shaking his head at how childish she was being lately.

“Silly child, what do you mean?”

“I’ll go first!” Leyla piped up, continuing on without listening to her uncle’s further teasing.

“The first thing I really like is Uncle Bill!” She proudly declared, and smiled widely at him. Uncle Bill’s eyes wrinkled as he smiled back at her.

“Well then, I really like the kid living with me.” Leyla blinked at him, before pouting.

“Kid?” she asked him, “But it’s been a while since I grew up already.”

She huffed indignantly at him.

“I’m not a child, but an adult.”

“Oh, don’t mistake age to be an indication of whether or not you’re an adult already,” Uncle Bill pointed out, patting the hand on his arm comfortingly. “You’ve still got ways to go before you’re truly grown up.” He sighed out softly, smiling kindly towards her.

And so on it went, listing down their favorite things from birds to flowers to trees, ice cream, mystery novels, and even the first snow they had.

All these Bill already knew about her, but was quite content listening to her babble on animatedly about why she loved them so. But whenever she’d ask him in return what his favorites were, he’d only ever answer one thing.

Leyla.

His most beloved treasure. The one who gave purpose to him.

Eventually after a long while, Leyla began pouting again, gripping onto his arm tightly in frustration.

“Uncle, be serious! I can’t all be your favorite!” She whined bashfully, and he only laughed at her heartily. He only shrugged and smiled through her scoldings.

It was true.


When he first heard the siren for the airstrike, his thoughts immediately went to Leyla. The deep-seated tiredness in his bones from a full day of work was immediately replaced with an adrenaline rush of worry for Leyla.

He ran like crazy for home, knowing Leyla was there by now, and in no time dragged her with him as they went to the shelter.

Was this how parents usually feel for their child?

Perhaps.

He couldn’t help thinking that even if he died in that instant, it would have been fine to him knowing that Leyla was safe. If his death meant saving Leyla, he would give his life up happily to ensure it.

He only hoped that after he passed, she would live well for herself instead.

Looking into her eyes, she still held that childlike innocence that brought both happiness and ache in his heart. Finally, unable to hold her gaze any longer, he looked ahead, watching whatever may come their way.

So many things could go wrong right now, and Bill wasn’t sure about which he should worry about most?

Was it the war out of their doorsteps? Him continuing to be an incompetent father? Or the duke they ran away from, one he desperately wanted to be killed in this war?

“Uncle?” Leyla’s hand was waving in front of his face. He must have been spacing out. Up ahead, he could finally see their apartment. At least it was still intact. He turned to Leyla, wiping the worry off his face and smiled at her.

“Ah, I feel so much better after that talk of favorite things Leyla,” he told her, “Thank you for that bright idea.”

Leyla beamed proudly at him, seemingly oblivious to his lies.

“You’re welcome uncle,” She smiled brightly at him, “I feel so much better now too!”

He hoped she could keep smiling as brightly as that, even when he’s gone from her side through death.






As soon as news of the cavalry battalion successfully securing the bridges and roads had reached them, they wasted no time barking out commands for all their brigades to start preparing in the north and east of their forces.

Major Matthias von Herhardt, and his infantry company had been tasked in breaking through the center of the enemy’s center fortress, which had taken a beating from the airstrike. As they advanced, roars of the mortars cracking and breaking walls ensued, until they finally stopped.

They reached the stand-off of their war.

Matthias waited for the dust around them to settle, with sharp eyes staring at the covered enemies before they struck and dealt significant damage on enemy forces again.

All around them were sounds of walls being knocked down, shells flying overhead and hitting their targets. The walls that once stood to protect the city for many years, had crumbled down to rubble.

The fortress was captured, and his entrance to Sienna was cleared. Matthias suspected that they could take over Sienna in a matter of fifteen days, give or take. A month is the latest.

Still, he was close. He couldn’t help but feel giddy at the knowledge of this.

“We’re almost through!” shouted the scout in report over the massive sounds around them.

Tensions were being raised as they kept pushing their advantage, successfully invading the enemy fortress and dismantling their defenses one after another.

Everyone around Matthias grew silent as they looked at their commanding officer. And then a loud trumpet sound rose above the rest of the cacophony.

Matthias began to walk into the enemy’s destroyed base with an indifferent expression.

Their assignment was to seize the fortress, and secure it by taking no prisoners. Once done, they would raise the flag of their empire on the highest peak, indicating it’s been successfully acquired by the Berg Empire. And then Sienna would be theirs…

And Leyla, his.

A smile found its way to his lips at the thought of her. Her name slipped from his lips like poison velvet.

He looked in the direction of the far south, knowing that’s where his end goal would be.

When reports of Vellof pilots bombarding Sienna reached him, most of the army cheered at knowing their enemy forces had greatly lessened. But Matthias couldn’t shake the worry of someone killing Leyla.

He needed her to be alive. It wouldn’t work if he weren’t the one to kill her after all. No one can touch her, nor harm her but him. He didn’t care if they were allies or enemies in this war. Or even if it was a god he had to fight, Leyla was his in all sense.

She was his sole purpose in life. Where she goes, he’ll follow, whether she wants him to or not.

She may see him as a monster, or the devil incarnate, it didn’t matter to him. She was his.

His Leyla.

























Chapter 124




Only One Purpose




The marching sound of his infantry troops crossing the bridge echoed ominously in the empty streets.

Matthias had since broken off part of his company into two groups, who now both stood on standby on either side of the fortress’ broken entrance. The rest continued their climb into the opening they made forcefully.

Looking over the village, the smell of soot and rotting flesh filtered through Matthias’ senses. It was like a mass graveyard, filled with the dead enemy.

His sharp gaze quickly swept over the broken buildings, all turned to rubble and dust. And then his eyes glanced over at the chapel, which was missing both its spire and roof. Still, its walls remained standing tall, and would provide excellent cover.


How fortunate that a foreign country’s god would give them their own protection. He had no doubt even Lovita’s own enemy forces would see this as a blessing, especially the religious ones amongst their ranks.

Matthias pushed on, running down several more stone walls, crushing beneath it the fallen bodies of their enemy forces. He was only following instructions, never mind it led him straight to where he needed to be. Immediately his company began spreading out, rounding the perimeter of the chapel at an efficient speed.

Matthias observed the chapel, and his men’s placement, before pulling the pin out of the grenade and launching it near the stained glass, before it shattered into a thousand more pieces. A distant scream could be heard, as more of their enemy soldiers resurfaced and rejoined the fray.

Matthias had no love for any deity, as such it was easy for him to destroy such a sacred place. So he merely raised his gun, trailing it at his enemies and pulled the trigger, feeling nothing as they dropped dead like flies around him.

They were inconsequential to his goal after all.



They thought the sound of bells ringing from the square would be over after the bell tower had been destroyed. But alas, once more it resumed, followed shortly by loud sounds of heavy machinery and firearms!

By now, the museum had been closed. Leyla still found everything so surreal the more the days progressed. But she wasn’t even worrying about her current loss of job.

No, it was the war that was getting closer and closer to their doorsteps with each passing day they spent was what’s been bothering her the most. She knew she didn’t have reason to, but her mind kept making up the worst possible scenarios that could happen to her.

What if an air strike would happen again?

What if the Berg army finally breaches the borders of Sienna?

How long will the war last? Will they still be alive to see it?

A gentle touch awoke Leyla up, and she woke up with a slight startle before realizing it was only Uncle Bill, who’d gently nudged her awake. She didn’t even realize she’d fallen asleep, her mind too preoccupied with morbid thoughts. Nevertheless, it didn’t feel like she’d been sleeping.

“Uncle?” she mumbled out sleepily in question, and Uncle Bill gave her a small smile.


“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to wake you.” He apologized softly. He must have just gotten back. Leyla smiled back at him and began to sit up, grasping his hand on her shoulder, and squeezing it in a comforting manner.

“It’s okay,” Leyla said hurriedly, “You’ve finished early?” She took a quick glance at the clock, “You must have, it’s not even dinner time yet.”

“No, I’m not finished yet, we’re on lunch break though.” Bill chuckled softly before gently putting a box on the bed beside her. “I just stopped by to give you something.”

As soon as she saw the box, Leyla beamed up at him in excitement!

“Is it for me?” she eagerly asked, “What is it?” She wondered out loud, and Bill couldn’t help but chuckle in seeing her glee. Then, bringing it closer to her, she could smell the faint scent of peaches in the air!

After the air strike, he was fortunate that his work wasn’t entirely rendered out of commission, and thus returned to work. But everytime he left for work, he couldn’t help but worry and feel guilty at leaving Leyla all by herself at home all day.

She wasn’t showing him any signs that would usually give him worry. But still, leaving her alone all day, every day, can’t stop him from feeling so anxious.

This was the only thing he could think of to brighten up her day momentarily.

If he could only stop the war, and make her dreams come true by himself, he would do it. Make sure she’d find someone good to her, and loved her, he would find them. But he’s long known how limited his power in this life truly was.

He’s only Bill Remmer. And as a lowly peasant, he could only bring her favorite fruits right now.

“Eat up okay?” Bill lightly reminded her, to which she eagerly nodded at him.

“Of course!”

“And don’t just keep saying yes to everything I say, make sure you eat them for real, and eat well alright?” Bill lightly chided at her. “It’s times like this that you need to make sure you’re healthy and energized enough. So eat like a cow alright, I told you that before, didn’t I?”

Weeks kept passing, and more and more he could see the way Leyla’s features sharpened, her face turning hollow, and bones jutting out more prominently against her skin. Why was she so thin?

Was she starving herself again?

Oblivious to his worries, Leyla only laughed at him, and reiterated she will. But, such naivety and innocence still, Bill couldn’t help but think; he wondered what would happen to her as soon as he wasn’t there to look out for her.

In some ways, she was still a child.

“Good, make sure you do just that.” Bill hummed, “And don’t worry about dinner, I’ll make sure to buy us both some good food later.”

“Ooh, fancy!” Leyla giggled, “Are we having a feast later?”

“A feast, eh?” Bill hummed thoughtfully before smiling, “Why not? Let’s see if we can have a feast later.” He patted Leyla’s head, lightly ruffling her hair and grinned upon seeing her indignation.

“Okay then,” Leyla smiled at him, before her expression turned serious, “If we have a feast later on, I will tell you something too.” Leyla’s eyes turned sombre as she stared off into space…

“Yes, I have something to tell you.” She whispered softly, but still loud enough for Bill to hear. Her grip on his hand tightened up some more, and Bill took the chance to assess her more carefully.

He could tell this would be a serious matter. He’d only ever seen such a determined expression on her quite a few times before.

In Leyla’s mind, she resolved to come clean to him tonight. She no longer wanted this constant guilt in her chest about hiding something this big to her uncle.

She wanted to stop being so afraid of his judgment. She won’t be a coward anymore.

“Well then, I best get going by now.” Bill said, squeezing her hand back in a comforting manner, prompting her to finally loosen up her grip on him. “Take a good and long rest alright?”

Leyla watched as her uncle turned around to leave, and the cold feeling washed over her. Why did she say that? What had she been thinking!?

“Uncle!” She called out and Bill turned back around, with an inquisitive look on his face.

Leyla only gave him a bright smile.

“Don’t worry about tonight, I was only joking!” She laughed it off, “Have a safe trip okay?” She then reached out to put on her glasses back on.

Bill let out a dry sigh at hearing her words, and waved back at her with a small wave goodbye.

“Still a kid, quite the kid you still are.” She could hear him lightly chide her as he turned around to leave. “Well then, I’ll see you soon, Leyla.”



Another shot of a bullet rang through the air as it hit its mark! Another soldier of their opposing forces dropped dead on the ground, his gun clattering loudly against the rubble beneath him. Major Herhardt finally lowered his gun once more, eyes devoid of remorse or glee.

The war wasn’t important after all.

“We’ve got a runner!” someone shouted, pointing to a pair of enemy soldiers who were making a hasty escape. Matthias’ eyes narrowed towards them, before he spotted a war horse tied loosely close by.

Matthias raised his gun, pointing it towards the horse, and pulled the trigger.

The window behind the horse shattered into a million pieces, effectively spooking the animal, before it took off running. The Lovita soldiers tried their best to intercept the horse, but were immediately surrounded by Berg forces.

Matthias signalled his men to hold their fire, leisurely approaching them. As he came to them, his eyes were drawn to the middle-aged man, who held his head up, looking to the skies in complete resignation.

Judging by his uniform, he was the commander of the fort defense. Matthias at least graced him with a common courtesy of respect for his rank.

“This battle is over.” Matthias spoke in the native tongue of Lovita. It was decidedly rough on his tongue, but at least he was fluent enough to be understood. “Won’t you agree with me?”

The commander sighed, eyes darting quickly over to Matthias, before raising his gaze up towards the skies again. Surrendering now would only mean that the battle indeed was over. And if he were to surrender now, there was a high chance the rest of his remaining men would survive, even amidst capture.

But what would that mean to Sienna?

Steeling his resolve to face his imminent fate, he breathed in deeply before huffing out a single prolonged breath…

In no time, he pulled out a gun and pointed it directly to Matthias!

Sharp cries of soldiers around them echoed all around as a single shot was heard once more.

“MAJOR!”



Leyla half-heartedly ate the peach Uncle Bill had gotten for her. She had little to no appetite right now, but she didn’t want to disappoint him further. As soon as the sweet, saccharine juice hit her tongue, she immediately felt hungry…

She didn’t expect it to be this savory. She eyed the other fruits as she eagerly bit into more of the fruit.

‘Should I eat more?’

she wondered in between bites, as the juices dribbled down her chin.

‘I probably should save some for later though.’

Eventually, her hunger won out and she immediately reached for more of the peaches, when an unfamiliar sound soared through the stillness of the town! Leyla’s hand stilled, a breadth away from another peach.

Her hand wavered and lightly nudged the peach, prompting it to roll off the table. Something unsettling was churning in her stomach.

It was impossible…

But she couldn’t shake the feeling away. She couldn’t help but feel cold dread wash all over her as the alarms rang again…

‘No! Please no!’

A scream broke out, not too far away, followed closely by a loud explosion, and the ground beneath her shook!

Leyla screamed, holding onto the corners of the table as her entire apartment shook from the impact!

Frames fell down, and the cabinets clattered as more and more explosions rang out from all around her!

Finally, Leyla managed to crawl underneath the table, holding onto the legs for dear life as the shaking grew stronger with each passing second!

The explosions were drawing closer and closer to her! More screams were heard out in the streets as everyone hurried to a bomb shelter!

Leyla’s heart was beating so loudly against her chest, that she could hear it pounding in her ears! She knew she needed to get out quickly, and race to the nearby bomb shelter, but her body was currently frozen in fear!

‘Think Leyla! Think!’ she admonished herself, ‘What do you have to do!?’

Her minds raced back to that time Uncle Bill pulled her out of her frozen state, and immediately brought them back to the nearby chapel where they all huddled in until the bombing was over.

She could do that. She did it once before, she could do it again!

A loud explosion suddenly appeared, and the building across from hers blew up into pieces! Leyla wasted no time more in crawling out from under the table and rushed outside, bringing nothing but adrenaline as she raced outside for safety!

As she rushed out of the building, she heard a fighter jet whizzing through the air loudly! Then, another roof went missing from across the street!


Leyla’s legs felt weak upon seeing the wreckage in front of her, but she couldn’t stop! And so with shaky legs, she continued down the flight of stairs, hoping for the next bomb to not land right on top of her!



A smoking pistol remained, and a gurgling sound came from the Lovitan commander. Matthias stood over the dying man with cold, and unimpressed eyes, his gun still aimed perfectly to where the commander had been kneeling.

The commander’s gun was soon soaked with his own blood in no time.

Feeling he was dead enough, Matthias pocketed back his pistol and turned to his men as though he did not just kill a man. However, even Matthias’ men became unnerved about his indifference. Some swallowed down the uncomfortableness of the moment.

“Like I said, this battle is over.” He reiterated and turned towards the Lovitan general, who remained. He held out his hand for him to shake as though they were just finishing a business transaction.

The general squeezed his eyes shut, muttering about their god to show mercy and looked up to the skies to pray once last time. Then, with a despairing sigh, he quickly removed his effects and surrendered them to the young Berg major.

An official recognition of defeat.

He had no doubt another airstrike would happen, this time closer to the beaches of Sienna.

Matthias looked towards the defeated general, stepped back a few paces away, and bowed towards him. The Lovitan General rose to his feet and straightened up his posture.

“I apologize about your commander.” Matthias hummed respectfully, looking down on the bloodied corpse between them. He then gestured to his men, and immediately, the General was cuffed, and led towards the square.

The general was now their prisoner of war.

Upon seeing this, cheers from the Berg army erupted loudly! Then, they began to celebrate their short-lived victory before they began preparations to occupy the whole of Sienna.

Matthias felt somewhat detached from the whole thing. The war wasn’t important.

Victory, glory, and honor? None of that mattered, none of those ever meant anything to him. He was only ever here for one thing, one important thing most of all, and the only one that mattered above everything else for him.

If winning the pointless war for his emperor was the way to do it, so be it.

All he needed was Leyla.

His Leyla.

A small curve of a smile made its way to his lips at the thought of her.

He watched as his men tore down Lovita’s flag and replaced it with their own, declaring the city to be on Berg’s property. His commanding officer was now making a big fancy speech to boost more of their force’s morale, but Matthias didn’t need them.

His morale is boosted every time he knew he was closer to seeing Leyla again.

She would belong to him again, in every sense of the word, and he could now keep her safe in the way he deemed fit.

Any moment now, he’d have her again. This was his fate. He couldn’t help but feel amused. People said you could die any time in times of war, but Matthias never felt more alive than right now! He knew air strikes were still being held around Sienna, and there was no way to guarantee her survival…

But he knew his Leyla was a survivor. Therefore, she’d find some way to be safe and remain safe until he was there to see her again.

Besides, he’d issued an order to provide safe haven to any of the civilians they’d encounter along the way. His men knew not to harm anyone that wasn’t an opposing soldier. But, of course, if they were met with resistance, Matthias gave them a go-ahead to do what must be done.

‘Ah, Sienna,’

Matthias thought with a confident smirk, ignoring the dried blood splattered around his face.

‘You’re mine, any moment now.’


Chapter 125




Nothing Would Change Until Forever







The bombing soon stopped, but the people remained frozen from where they’ve been. It lasted a lot shorter than before, almost as if Vellof’s air strike was only supposed to be a warning. A show of power over them.

Still, the sounds of children crying echoed throughout the silent, quivering crowd. The basement was still as dark and stuffy as before. Then, followed shortly by the despairing sounds of children, were the despondent sighs of the adults around them.

Among the adults in the shelter was Leyla. She had reached the shelter in time, and now she was huddling in on herself, nervously twiddling with her fingers. Her whole body was aching, having scraped her knee quite a few times as she ran for the shelter. She barely felt them as she was running, but with the sounds stopping, and with herself safe and sound, the pain was finally catching up to her.

At least the tightened coil around her stomach was finally loosening up.

The entire run from her apartment to here was entirely a blur. All she remembered was bumping into some of the panicking crowd here and there as they all scrambled for shelter, and tried to get out of the streets!

At one point her glasses got thrown off, further delaying her from finding shelter as she tried to locate them quickly enough before resuming her run just in time for an explosion to go off not too far from behind her!

Luckily she had shoes on when she left, but unfortunately lost one of them as she ran to safety. Her socks were soaked, and she’d scraped her feet a couple times from the unsuspecting rubbles here and there, but at least she was still alive.

She didn’t know how long she had been staying here.

“We must hurry and leave! They’re coming back!” shouted some of the younger men who volunteered to be on the lookout. A slight rumble emerged from the gathered crowd in the chapel’s basement.

Leyla felt a faint sense of relief about the announcement, and was one of the few who rose to their feet. Eventually, she found herself approaching the basement stairs, where she could see a faint light radiating from.


She hadn’t seen a glimpse of Uncle Bill at all, even as she walked over the huddled crowd. She needed to find him quickly. It was the only thought running through her head as soon as the bombing sounds stopped, and the fear seeping into her bones left her.

“Are you alright?” a light touch gently jolted her out of her thoughts, and Leyla turned around hastily and saw a stranger looking over at her with great concern.

Leyla could only meekly smile and nod in confirmation, before awkwardly making her leave and following the few people who went up to survey the surface after the bombing.

The faint smell of rubble and explosives still lingered strongly in the air. And even more structures were reduced to ruins as they emerged. It lasted quicker than before, sure, but the damage was far greater as well, especially in the surrounding areas, compared to the ones in the square.

Her glasses started fogging up, and Leyla scrambled to wipe the moisture away with trembling hands before shakily putting them back on. There were pinpricks in her eyes as she kept blinking back the tears.

She faintly realized that one of her glasses had cracked amongst the commotion. She felt a small solace with that. At least she couldn’t see the destruction as clearly as before.

But where was Uncle Bill? Was he okay?

He’d been off to work near the ports and informed her that there was also shelter there nearby in case an emergency would strike. Should she meet him there instead?

Or perhaps he was already headed home? The houses across the street had been bombed, but last she knew, their building apartment had been missed. It would be far easier for her, and her feet to just wait for him there.

She stood still for a moment, before hesitantly walking back down the direction of their apartment. She walked unevenly back, still the thought of seeing Uncle Bill the only thing driving her to move.

She wanted to hurry up and see him!

“Leyla!”

She paused, her heart leaping in her chest as she heard a familiar voice! She quickly turned around, and found relief in finally seeing a familiar face!

It was Uncle Allen.

A sinking dread settled in her stomach as she saw he was alone. She’d been certain he’d gone with Uncle Bill to the ports today, why was he alone?

Upon seeing her worry, Uncle Allen tried to get her to calm down for a little, and they exchanged brief hugs.


“Uncle, have you seen Uncle Bill? Did he go home first?” She asked him, “You two must have emerged from the shelter in the ports then, what a relief.” She sighed as he steadied her, letting her grasp his arms tightly.

Leyla looked in the direction she knew their apartment was.

“That means I must go home quickly now, he might be very worried about me then! It was great to see you alive and safe.” She hurriedly bid adieu, but he only grasped her hands firmly, and gently once more.

Leyla looked back at him, and saw a somber expression on Uncle Allen’s face.

“My dear, I need you to be prepared for what I’m about to tell you, but listen to me, alright?” He started to say gently, but Leyla heard the crack in his voice, and she could feel the bone-chilling dread seep back into her bones.

“Your Uncle Bill, he’s currently in the hospital.”

It was like a rug had been swept under her feet, and Leyla absentmindedly dropped to her knees upon hearing the news! Luckily, Uncle Allen managed to brace her, slightly stopping her from dropping into the rubbled ground beneath them.

Leyla burst into wails, her hands gripping onto Uncle Allen like a lifeline as he tried to calm her down.

“There’s still time, Leyla, hush now,” he tried to tell her, “We can still hurry up and see him, shh.”







There was a buzzing in his ears as his eyes blinked in and out of consciousness.

Where was he? Why was everything a blur?

It felt like he was being submerged in water. Yet it was odd, he could still feel himself breathing…

The next thing he registered was the numbing pain around his body. He can’t even move his fingers. What happened to him? Why was everything so…

Faint?

He could faintly hear a sound beyond the buzzing, slowly getting closer…

“-cle!”

Was someone calling? Who were they yelling for?”

“Un— ill!”

Why did they sound so familiar?

“UNCLE BILL!”

His eyesight shifted back into focus, and he saw a head of golden hair, and a familiar and pleasant face hovering above him.

Were her glasses cracked? He should probably find her some new ones as soon as he can. He gave her a beaming smile…

How odd. He couldn’t move his body as well as he could right now. He wanted to get up and hug her. Why was Leyla crying? Did something bad happen to her again?

He tried moving his hand to wipe her tears away like he usually would, but his arms felt heavy, and painful. Perhaps he should try speaking to her to ease her worries instead?

He tried opening his mouth, and speaking his reassurances to her…

But no matter how hard he tried, he could only wheeze incoherent sounds out. His voice wasn’t coming out as it usually did. Leyla’s eyes darted from him and to the nurse in the room.

Why was a nurse in their house?

Was he still in their house?

Was Leyla sick?

He tried speaking once again to ask Leyla what had happened, but the pain around his throat kept worsening.

And then the memories came flooding back like a tidal wave!

Bill had been in the warehouse by the ports, doing his tasks when an explosion suddenly erupted on top of them! He’d been carrying a box of ammunition, getting them ready along with the others to load them into Lovita’s warships!

When the evacuation order was issued, every one of the workers began panicking and rushing all around him! Bill tried to get away from the stampeding crowd as best as he could, but eventually got swept into the middle of the crowd rushing out of the warehouse!

Just as he finally got outside, another resounding explosion blew up nearby, and a domino of explosions was heard as a bomb dropped into one of the ammunition boxes!

Bill had gone back in time, and saw Arvis’ greenhouse exploding in front of him.

This was all his fault. So he thought in those moments.


If he hadn’t been so petulant about new technology and actually bothered to learn about it, he wouldn’t have driven Leyla into the arms of such a vile man…

They wouldn’t have had to escape from Arvis, and get trapped in a war!

And then he blacked out as something hit him. After that, all he remembered was the sudden pain erupting everywhere in his body.

Was he being drugged with painkillers? It sure felt like it. Everything was so sluggish, but his eyes returned to see Leyla’s tear-filled ones.

‘Don’t cry,’ he wanted to tell her, ‘You shouldn’t cry for anything else, but happiness.’

She looked at him some more, before she began to sob uncontrollably once more, and Bill’s heart ached to see how much he was hurting her. He could faintly feel her grip on his hand, and wondered how tightly she was holding onto him.

‘This is just a bad dream,’ he thought to himself, ‘Once I wake up, everything will be fine, and Leyla will be happy and safe.’ So he wished wistfully, as he blinked owlishly at Leyla.

Another person was coming up to Leyla, and Bill watched silently as they exchanged words, and Leyla’s eyes hardened as they moved to remove her from his side.

Bill wanted to frown and chide the person himself.

Was he a doctor?

‘Damn you doc,’ Bill huffed out angrily upon seeing them try to remove Leyla beside him, ‘Let Leyla stay, she doesn’t have to leave!’ He wanted to argue, but his vocal cords were still too painful.

He could hardly hear what they were talking about, but could faintly hear the sobs and wails by Leyla. He wanted to tell her he’d be okay, and to look after herself…

But he couldn’t do anything.

Even until now, he was still so useless to her.

‘Hush now Leyla, don’t cry,’ he thought, ‘I’ll be fine, you’ll see. Just sit right there and keep taking care of yourself, okay? Don’t be like ol’ Uncle Bill here. Can’t even bear a little pain.’

“I’m sorry.” The doctor began, as he turned to face Leyla.

Leyla looked at him sharply and wanted to shout she’ll pay for whatever surgery fee they had!

She just wanted them to heal her uncle now.

“A surgery won’t help him at all.” He began to explain, “Frankly, we consider it a miracle he’s still conscious, not to mention alive.”

Leyla sniffed, blinking back her tears as she narrowed her eyes to the doctor.

Are they saying what she thought they were saying?!

Immediately, Leyla started shaking her head in disbelief, unwilling to hear more of the doctor’s excuses!

Surely they could still do something! So they brought Uncle Bill to the hospital after all!

After she’d calmed down, and been led quickly to the hospital, she’d been taken aback by how terrible of a state her uncle had been in!

His clothes were soaked with blood, his body wrapped around in makeshift support and bandages, and laid unconsciously on a hospital bed! She’d been given a rundown of what happened, but she didn’t want to believe it had been this bad!

Just as the air raid began, and the people by the ports began to evacuate in an unruly manner, her uncle had been one of the unfortunate few who got caught amongst the flying debris from the explosions around the warehouses.

“No!” Leyla exclaimed, “There must be something you can still do!” She argued persistently, ignoring the gestures of nearby nurses to stay seated.

“I’m sorry, but this is our limit.” The doctor told her softly, “Perhaps it’s best you say your goodbyes now, we’ve no doubt he was only holding on this long enough to see his daughter.”

Leyla wanted to cry upon hearing that.

This couldn’t be happening! This was all a bad dream! This was a terrible, stress-induced dream!

She’d wake up soon, and see her Uncle alive and well, reminding and checking up on her to take care of herself, and she’d retort back at him to do the same!

“No please, you have to save him!” She begged, now kneeling in front of him, and holding onto his white robes for dear life, “You have to save him, please!”

“Miss, I really am sorry I can’t do more than this.” The doctor said, gently guiding her back to sit beside Uncle Bill, “But it’s best to say everything now, before it’s too late.”

A nurse came up beside her, and gave her a glass of water.

Leyla was still reeling over the news about her uncle, and faintly felt the water touch her throat. She immediately gave the glass back to the nurse, and went back to gently holding onto her uncle’s hand…

“Uncle, please, stay with me okay?” She whispered, trying to stifle in her sobs, “You stay strong for me okay, and I-I’ll go find a better doctor,” She gulped down, clearing her throat as she hastily, yet gently combed back his blood soaked hair from his forehead.


“And then when you’re all better, we’ll go back home okay? Don’t worry about the money, I can always find it anywhere.” She whispered to him, “Just s-stay, please….” She sobbed…

“Please don’t leave me!” She whispered, her breath turning shaky as her hands shook from where she was caressing her uncle.

She could see him blinking back his eyes, but the struggle was there. She could see how hard it was for him to keep looking at her.

He groaned once again, with incoherent thoughts, and Leyla shushed him softly…

“Shh, uncle, save your strength, you still have a lot of healing to do.” She whispered, kissing his bloodied temple desperately. She tried to ignore the taste of iron on her lips as she wetted them.

Unable to watch her any longer, the doctor began to pull her aside, and began to stress once more how it was more beneficial for both of them to say goodbye now.

“Miss, even if you were to find a doctor who can guarantee they could still save him, he’d live the rest of his life in pain, and paralyzed. It’s best you can say goodbye now, and that way, he’ll be able to die at least comfortably.”

‘Die…’ Leyla thought, ‘They finally said it, huh?’

Ever since she arrived, she’d been avoiding ever thinking about that word. But now the doctor said it…

And it was all she could think about.

She didn’t want it. But it was the glaring truth in front of her.

Uncle Bill was about to die, and there was nothing she could do about it.

The doctor was right. She’ll regret not doing more later, but for now, she wanted her uncle to regret nothing. And so Leyla cried out for a couple more seconds, before schooling her features into a pleasant smile, before taking back her seat beside her uncle.

She hoped she could relay all her love and gratitude forever meeting him.

“Uncle,” She called out softly, and watched as Uncle Bill’s eyes shakily turned towards her, “Do you remember, when you used to tell me I’d be a great adult one day? You still believe that?” Do you still trust me?”

All of a sudden, Bill could hear her clearly now. And he wanted to chuckle at how ridiculous her questions were.

She was already the greatest adult he’d ever met, and he’d always believed and trusted her, without a single doubt in his mind.


Instead of a laugh though, he could only cough out in response, and Leyla gently rubbed soothing circles over his chest. Finally, a nurse came by to lightly dab a cloth around his mouth, wiping away the blood he’d coughed out.

“Well, if you still believe that, then I can do anything.” Leyla continued, smiling shakily towards him, “After all, Uncle is so smart, and he never lied to me. So I can do anything, s-so long as you still believe in me.”

Her voice cracked in that last part, and her lips began to wobble.

But she needed to keep talking. To say everything before her chance was gone.

And so she told him her thoughts ever since she first came to him, on that day they met when he was planting rose seedlings in the gardens of Arvis.

The happy days they spent together seemed like a lifetime ago. Arvis and her childhood all of a sudden began looking so bright, and innocent, and happy.

Yes, she had been happy back then, being surrounded by the smell of freshly cut grass, and blooming flowers. Everyday has been a joy to live in…

Because she knew when she’d come home, she had Uncle Bill to fall back on.

A sob escaped from her lips, and Leyla brought up her blood-stained hand to cover back her sobs.

‘I can’t do this! I don’t want to do this!’ She screamed in her mind, as she tried to stop the tears from flowing.

What would happen to her now?! She can’t live without Uncle Bill! She can’t! He can’t leave her alone!

Yet, there was still so much she wanted to do with him!

Suddenly, movement came, and Leyla watched as Uncle Bill struggled to sit up, before unceremoniously rolling off the bed!

“Uncle!” She exclaimed, but eventually sighed in relief when two male nurses managed to catch him before he fell to the floor. They placed him back securely onto the bed, and Leyla watched as her uncle’s tears slid down his cheeks…

Leyla smiled at him through the tears, gently cupping his cheeks with shaky hands as she tried to keep him still.

“I am s-s-so blessed… that you became my family.” Leyla sobbed out shakily, “And I never… felt so happy… as I did… everyday… with you…”

Leyla choked back on a sob as she laid her head on his chest, her hand gently grabbing onto his limp one and kissed his knuckles.


“You were always my real family. And if we were to be born again, I wished to be with you again, from the start.” She whispered shakily, kissing his knuckles deeper as she tried to keep her tied down to her…

“And we’ll keep being family, won’t we?” Leyla asked him softly, “Even when we’re parted momentarily, won’t we?” She asked him, looking at Bill desperately.

Bill’s eyes crinkled like he always did when he smiled at her.

Of course, they would always be family.

Bill’s eyes began to blur once more, his sight on Leyla fading in and out of focus as black spots danced in front of his eyes.

“Then I hope to see you soon, okay?” Leyla continued, getting up to gently touch their foreheads together, “We might be separated in this life for now, but I’ll make sure to keep being reborn to you.” She whispered, and nuzzled against him…

“I love you…” She whimpered, and planted a long, and heart-felt kiss on his forehead, “So much… father.” She sobbed.

Leyla pulled away to look at his eyes.

Bill’s eyes were wide as he looked into her general direction, before his eyes crinkled in happiness once more.

Perhaps it was true about what they say about dying.

Your life would begin flashing right in front of your eyes, and Bill could only see the happiness he found taking care of Leyla.

Watching Leyla grow.

Teaching her things she needed to know, things she wanted to know.

Seeing her flourish, and take steps towards her dreams.

Seeing her smile, laugh and cry.

Every single thing they did together, whether as mundane as eating their dinner every night, or as exciting as walking down the riverside underneath starry skies…

Seeing her rush towards him, in her childhood, in her teens, and even now as an adult, whenever she’d see him return. It was such unbridled joy that he relished seeing it!

Everything was so much brighter with Leyla. As long as they were together, he knew everything would be alright soon…

But that was the thing, wasn’t it?

Being together would soon be a thing of the past.

He couldn’t leave her sobbing her heart out, without a few words to tide her over as he’d leave her alone for an indefinite amount of time.

‘Please God,’ Bill prayed, ‘Let me say this last thing for her.’

“I…”

Leyla gasped as she hastily wiped her tears, and looked eagerly towards her father. He was speaking!

“I…love…you,” her father’s eyes drifted over to hers, and his lips curled up into a beautiful smile that had Leyla smiling back over to him. “My… daughter.”

Because Bill understood now.

As much as he might have failed her, he was still her father in every sense of the word. He clothed her, fed her, and sheltered her when no one would. He taught her, and helped her grow. He guided her, and although Leyla had been great enough on her own…

They found happiness in each other.

Relief spread throughout him as he said those words to her. And so he breathed in deeply, as his eyes fluttered closed.

When he’d wake up, he’d be back to his peak condition, and Bill would waste no time in buying them both a feast to celebrate being a family. After all, he promised Leyla not to worry about dinner.

They’d have a feast for two soon enough.

And maybe he’d splurge some more, and buy them drinks to last a whole night! Or maybe not…

Leyla’s living for two now, alcohol would be detrimental for their health. Maybe an apple juice instead?

How about peach juice?

Do peach juices exist?

And Bill breathed out with a wide smile…

“I love you… my daughter…” He whispered once more, feeling his entire body lighten up, as the pain eventually left his body.

What an amazing feeling it was.

His daughter, of course she was.

It was his absolute truth, and nothing would change it at all. It would remain to be true, until forever.


Chapter 126







A Day When Everything Is Beautiful






News about Sienna’s fall spread like wildfire throughout the whole city. In no time, numerous flyers and posters were being rained upon the conquered people and posted everywhere in their ruined homes.

The forces for occupation would soon be arriving.

But Leyla could care less about what was happening in front of her. Everything was still like a dream…

No, a nightmare. All she wanted was to wake up.

She was swaying mindlessly as she walked around the corner of a street, absentmindedly blending in amongst the huddling crowd. She caught sight of the poster and found nothing shocking. It was just as she expected to see.

It was a declaration of surrender, urging everyone to comply with the Berg army as peacefully as possible, and they will be provided with shelter. It also contained a set of guidelines to follow as soon as the occupational forces arrived.

Government offices would seize control of the occupying forces, and double as a storage unit for their ammunition and weapons. Communications would also be set up in them. Any retaliation will be met with an equal hostile force, and no one could leave unless they have an authorized pass to do so, which can only be granted by the highest commanding officer in the force.

All around her was a mixture of fear, frustration, and anger. But Leyla still felt so removed from everything…

The war barely entered her mind as something important.

Nothing left was important anymore. So why should she even care if Sienna was still part of Lovita, or Berg? It was all pointless.

She felt herself get pushed around left and right, still mindlessly walking towards the apartment she once shared with her father.


She trudged up the stairs, limbs so heavy, but her mind so far away from reality. She barely remembered when she reached her apartment. She only realized she had already arrived when she found herself seated at an empty dining table for two.

She stared at the seat across from her, the numbing pain in her chest returning, but the tears long dried up in her eyes.

Her father’s funeral had not been too long ago, but it felt like forever since he had gone and left her behind.

She knew she was wide awake, but everything made less sense than it did before. It all still felt so surreal. She couldn’t even find the motivation to do anything every day, but her body would move without her thinking about it.

She felt like a dying plant, desperately being watered every day to bring it back to life…

But nothing was worth living anymore.

Not unless it meant visiting her father by the makeshift cemetery they had ever since his funeral. It was the only thing that could get her out of the house.

Cold air blew into the hole in her apartment, from where a window once was. She should probably have gotten it fixed by now, but she couldn’t find enough care to even bother.

The skies were a lot bluer without the glass. Normally, she would describe this one to be a beautiful day. It was a crisp autumn morning, the rubble cleared from the streets as busy constructions could be heard outside and by the neighbouring rooms…

But everything felt so faded to her.

She was so… lonely.

She didn’t want to be alone again.

“Uncle…” she called out, her voice raspy from the prolonged unused. “Uncle Bill!” She called out again, a lot louder this time, before giggling to herself.

Why was she amused? She didn’t know, she just felt like laughing.

“Uncle Bill!” She called out for again, in a sing-song voice, before laughing by herself again when only silence met her.

Thump… thump… thump…

She could hear familiar footsteps heading towards her in response, and she turned around to look at the closed door to his room, expecting it to open any moment now! She grinned expectantly as she looked at his room.

But nothing came.

Her grin grew stiff on her lips, but there was nothing but silence around her and her apartment. She turned back to look at the table in front of her and began drawing circles with the gathered dust on top of it, absentmindedly humming.

She missed the annoying sounds of the bell tower. If there was such a loud sound like that every hour, she wouldn’t feel this empty inside.

Anything was better, no matter how annoying the sounds would be, than this complete silence deafening her.

She could always leave Lovita. But Leyla found no energy to do so.

Instead, she found herself plopping back into her bed, eyes drawn to the glass-less window in the room. The window was fortunate enough to not get wrecked into a hole, but the glass remnants still littered on the floor.

She’d been extra careful to avoid them.

It was another thing she needed to get fixed but, what was the point?

Ah yes, winter was coming upon them soon.

Leyla blinked owlishly, eyes slowly gazing up on the plain ceiling above her.

Huh, when was the last time she bought groceries? She couldn’t remember. Food must have run out by now too. What did she eat last?

Was it two days ago? She was certain it had been stale bread. She had to force it down her throat, barely able to swallow and taste it.

The familiar pangs of hunger came over her at the thought of food. Still, she found no reason to get up from the bed. By now, most of the people of Sienna had been confused, their lives uprooted so quickly from what they used to know.

Any day now, the occupational forces would be arriving and making the necessary changes to officially declare Sienna as a city of Berg.

Suddenly, she remembered seeing a grocery store on her way back from the cemetery. But it had also been wrecked in the war, so she doubted she could buy food from there. She knew it was irresponsible of her to be starving herself, especially in her condition but it is what it is.

Oh, Uncle Allen.


She remembered Uncle Allen and his family evacuating from Sienna as soon as her father’s funeral had been finished. They were headed straight for the capital before more forces arrived and prevented them from leaving.

He had apologized profusely to Leyla, even asking her to come with them, but Leyla couldn’t find it in herself to flee. And so they bid each other goodbye, with Uncle Allen apologizing once more for having to leave her alone…

But Leyla could not begrudge them for leaving.

He had been kind enough to offer them shelter when they left Arvis, despite having little to no contact with Bill Remmer. Kind enough to get them back on their feet, so there was nothing for him to apologize for.

She didn’t want to burden him further by tagging along. Not when it hadn’t been too long ago since they first met. Additionally, she couldn’t leave her father’s resting place.

Before he left, he did stop by one last time, leaving her substantial rations and supplies she might need in the immediate future. It was all he could do for her after all. One last piece of grace for their short time together.

Uncle Allen couldn’t even look her in the eye when saying goodbye, Leyla couldn’t help but feel terrible about it. So she thanked him for thinking about her, and wished him safer travels.

And just like that, she lost another family in her life.

Eventually she found herself fishing out the supplies he’d left her, grabbing hold onto a bottle of pickled apricot. Amongst the other things he’d left her with was a box of her father’s things, which he managed to salvage from the wreckage of the warehouses.

She couldn’t find it in herself to open it. She didn’t want any more reminders that he was gone.

And so she popped open the bottled glass of pickled apricot and began to eat it messily, her hunger driving out the care for table manners as she gobbled one after another. She didn’t even bother using any utensils, just using her hands to fish each piece out of the container.

Sweet juices dribbled down her chin and arms, and Leyla found herself smiling as she ate the sweet food…

A hand went up to her cheeks, checking to see if she was crying. It was dry, save for the juice remnants now sticking on her cheeks. This could be like crying too, she supposed.

How selfish it was of her, to keep eating like this. But it did nothing to ease the hunger and exhaustion in her body.

How selfish it was of her to still try so hard to survive, when there was nothing worth living for anymore.



Sienna’s defeat came easier than predicted, with the Lovitan Army immediately losing their morale as soon as their fortress had been breached. It was almost as though they were banking on it to hold up the entire defense of the city.

As soon as the Berg Army broke through, they immediately began to retreat further into the city, effectively trapping themselves for slaughter. As soon as a full-scale exchange of fire and explosions took place, everything began to collapse at an immense pace.

More and more forces of the Berg Army filtered through the opening, quickly overwhelming the Lovitan forces defending the line…

And soon enough, even the Mayor of Sienna had immediately waved the white flag. He stood in front of the gate, welcoming them amicably as he could despite the clear despair in his expression.

His people would be guaranteed safety with their surrender after all. Sienna was only just a place. He would surrender Lovitan control to keep them safe, and would follow every order they would be given.

It was the best choice they had with the hand they were dealt with.

Matthias was amongst the commanding officers who rode on top of a military car. His eyes raked critically at the odd-looking city in front of him.

He could see exactly where the bombs from the air strike had been dropped, and how much damage was done to the city, but generally, the city seemed to be calm enough. He even noted how brighter and serene the surroundings were compared to the foggy sunlight in Berg’s cities.

The procession of the Berg Army continued on, slowly traveling across the city to showcase their arrival.

Some soldiers could be seen stopping by the square and immediately enjoying the spoils of war.

One by one each commanding officer stepped down from their vehicles, Matthias following not too far after them. He held loosely his officer cap in one arm during the ride, before putting it back into place as he got out.

He got up last from the stairs, before standing in attention, looking all elegant and pristine in his blue-grey Bergian uniform. So unlike the cruel titles he earned for leading the assaults against the Lovitan army.

How could a cruel man have the face of an angel?

His superiors began their speech, with Matthias instinctively tuning out everything they were saying.

He’s heard it a lot of times before. It was the same speech with every territory they occupied.

It wasn’t anything important to listen to anyway. It didn’t concern him enough.

Sienna was also warmer than he expected. But that was fine.


He achieved his goal a lot faster than he expected, but he found his arrival falling a little bit short in expectation. It was a little disappointing despite the beautiful day outside.

Matthias eventually found himself finally relaxing into his stance. His path had been cleared after all. All that’s left to do, was find his Leyla.

Immediately, his eyes began to rake over the gathered civilians in the square. Faces were all despondent and angry, but Matthias barely bothered to remember them. He flashed them all his practised smile, further alleviating him from the monstrous deeds he’d done in front of these unsuspecting civilians.

Upon noticing his smile, the officers beside him began shuffling in nervousness. But he didn’t mind it one bit. He wasn’t interested in them, but he couldn’t hide his glee at knowing he would finally have his Leyla once more.

Still, it must be so out of place for him to suddenly be smiling, wouldn’t it?

As the speech ended, the crowd began dispersing out as quickly as Matthias expected. He loosely took off his cap once more, before steadily stepping down the stage, with no sign to indicate he was in a rush to get down.

He was still as perfect as ever in appearance. All neat and elegant, even in the eyes who see him as a foe.

The war made him bulk back up to his usual body form. He was no longer thin and hollow, but lithe and stronger. In no time, he made a complete recovery while serving in the war, and even his men were amazed at how quickly he bounced back from his seemingly deadly illness.

“Major!” a random soldier began to call out, halting Matthias in his steps as he waited for his subordinate to catch up, “I found her!” He panted out quickly as soon as he stopped beside him, but the random soldier looked particularly proud of himself.

Something darkened Matthias’ eyes at the news, making the soldier cower slightly as Matthias turned his eyes on him. A cold chill ran down his spine as he met those icy blue eyes.

“I -I,” he began to stutter, but Matthias quickly cut him off.

“Where?” he all but snapped at the soldier as he inquired for her.

The soldier couldn’t help but find himself stammering with his words, sensing an odd urgency with his major.

“I-I’m quite sure I saw her,” he scrambled to take out the portrait of Leyla he’d been given, “Yes, Leyla Lewellin! I-I’m sure this is the one who left Berg, and moved to Sienna last spring!”

He then gave him a piece of paper, with a single address written on it.




Leyla had been back in bed, lying like the dead, before finally rousing herself up by the time noon came around.

She found herself fishing out more supplies from Uncle Allen’s parting gift, this time munching on some hard black bread, and boiled beans. She finished both off with a mug of warm water, mixed with some sugar.

It wasn’t enough to satisfy her hunger, but at least she wasn’t feeling as weak as before.

She went back to her room, looked for a clean pair of clothes, and began to wash up and change. A glance outside at the hole in her wall let her know that the day today was warmer than yesterday had been.

She stepped closer to her missing window, eyes looking down at the street in front of her. It was said that today would be the day the Berg Army would be arriving.

Perhaps it was that, but the streets were quieter than before, further making her loneliness more prominent in the absence of distracting sounds. They had been guaranteed their safety if they surrendered, but understandably, everyone was still apprehensive about their presence and afraid.

Huffing out tiredly at seeing no more movement outside, Leyla hummed to herself again, fetching a clean pair of thick, woollen socks, before putting on some shoes. Knotting the laces on tightly, she got ready to go outside.

The weather was warm, so there was no need for her to wrap a shawl around herself.

She didn’t bother locking the door behind her as she stepped out of her apartment in her new routine of visiting her father.

As soon as she reached the streets, her eyes squinted at how bright the sun was today. She placed a hand up to cover her eyes, and huffed out tiredly as she stood in place.

Should she even bother going out today?

No, Leyla thought after a couple more minutes, she needed to see him.

Being outside was much better than keeping herself locked up in silence all day in her empty apartment. It frightened her how alone she truly was without her father. At least in the streets, she could keep her mind more preoccupied.

The noises in the street outside her apartment usually gave her a small respite, but today there was none of that. Everyone was too preoccupied with the arrival of the occupational forces. It was too stifling to stay inside any further.

She’d be better off outside in the heat of the sun.


She hugged herself around her abdomen, trying to recall what her favourite things had been before. She couldn’t help but laugh mirthlessly as one by one, each favourite thing returned to her.

She lost them all in a blink of an eye.

Leyla began to chuckle, holding a hand up against her mouth to prevent herself from being too loud! As soon as her laughter began to die down, it was only then Leyla noticed a second pair of shadows following hers on the ground.

Leyla stared at it for a moment, before looking up ahead of her. Judging by his silhouette, it was an officer, slowly trailing behind her.

And then he stopped, eventually disappearing from behind her. Once again, Leyla found herself alone.

Leyla stopped as well and looked behind her, seeing not a trace of the officer. She tilted her head in wonder.

Did she miss the announcement of a curfew?

Something other than numbness entered Leyla’s body once more. She couldn’t feel anything else but emptiness since her father’s death.

It was fear, but she couldn’t fathom why. And then she spotted him, just off a distance.

It was the officer who’d been following her. She couldn’t see his face clearly, but she could feel his eyes on her. He stood eerily still and made Leyla uncomfortable despite the distance between them.

She could feel her heart beating loudly against her chest.

This feeling…

This trepidation…

It was so…

Familiar.

‘No,’ Leyla thought, feeling her breath leave her the more she watched the unknown officer in return. ‘It’s impossible…’

She was only paranoid. Of course, it was a ridiculous paranoia she conjured up after being alone for so long!

The longer she stared, the longer her memories began to warp around his form and unclear face…

Her past melded along with her present. Falsely making him familiar to her. But Leyla refused to entertain more of this line of thought.

It was simply ridiculous of her to even think about it again!

She hastily turned around, unwilling to entertain more of her bad thoughts. She didn’t want to know who that officer was. She needed to leave quickly, and be done with what she needed to do.

As soon as she began walking once more…

The officer moved with her as well.














Chapter 127







Like A Child or A Devil






He couldn’t find it in himself to hurry up. In fact, he was perfectly content to keep watching over her from afar.

As soon as the officer gave him her address, he couldn’t help the fast beating in his heart.

At last! He finally has her again!

He felt like he was about to burst into complete happiness. But eventually, he needed to calm down. He had a reputation to uphold, also, it was imperative he keeps a calm mind.

And so without further adieu, he went to the address, and as soon as he saw her, he immediately recognized her.

She was as beautiful as he remembered. There was no other woman that could ever hold a beauty like hers after all.

She was certainly his Leyla.


And so he followed, before realizing he shouldn’t spook her too soon. He didn’t want her being alerted to his presence too early. He wanted to savour more of her, even if it meant he’d just look at her from afar…

For now.

But then she stopped and turned around to look at him.

Oh, how wonderful. Had she somehow sensed their connection with one another? Surely this was a sign she was meant for him, wasn’t it?

He was just about to call out for her too, to close the distance between them when she abruptly turned away and began to walk away…

Away from him again.

But it was fine, he’ll let this slight insult to him go for a while. She looked quite adorable, scurrying away from him like that. He also needed to prepare a few things too before he’d even begin keeping her safe…

Before he’d wrap his hands around her neck and snap it until it broke.

And so he followed her slowly, quite content in giving her a headstart away from him.

Matthias was in no hurry after all.

It had just been last spring when Matthias was doping himself up with a myriad of sleeping pills despite his good doctor’s advice. He could almost feel himself floating with each step toward her.

What an ecstatic feeling it was!

He watched as she eventually reached the end of an alley, before pausing once more. Matthias paused as well and watched as her body trembled around her, and saw a beautiful stretch of white sands and an emerald sea behind her.

Such a beautiful sight it was.

Leyla, on the other hand, found herself at a loss on what to do. Her feet were frozen in place, and she began to feel faint, but she didn’t want to stop!

She wouldn’t dare look back either!

It was clear to her, by now, she was indeed being followed, despite how calm the officer was in trailing after her.

She had been such an idiot, turning into an alleyway and expecting to find a few people huddling in it, that she could seek shelter with them from the unknown officer shadowing her.


The only thing she could find was a beach, populated by nothing other than the seagulls flying overhead!

Everything was dead empty! Just like the streets.

Why was he even following her? Was he after her because she was disobeying a decree or something!?

If so, he wouldn’t have just stood there when she stopped and had approached her already to give her a reminder or even arrested her for her disobedience.

But he didn’t.

Instead, he kept following her.

And it confused her to no end, making her feel all the more frightened.

Why? Why was he following her?

She wanted to cry in frustration! The trepidation in her made her feel so clammy all over!

He wasn’t even running after her. He was just walking. And it unnerved her to no end at all. Why was he just walking if he was following her?

There was no way, and an army man like him didn’t have the speed and strength to catch up to her and capture her already. She couldn’t even run properly! Her foot was still healing from the last air raid they had!

Could it be-?

‘No!’ She scolded herself again.

It wasn’t that! She refused to believe it!

But the unsettling feeling was still there.

This wasn’t even the first time her mind had played tricks on her! Ever since they escaped from Arvis, reality and illusion mixed and matched around her from time to time. There was no doubt in her that the latest events in her life made it worse for her!

This was just like that. She was only imagining things again!

But why did it feel so real? Why did it feel like something really was following her!?

Surely it was just a mistake, wasn’t it?

Everyone’s gut feeling usually makes mistakes. This was just like that.

She chanced a glance behind her, and immediately caught sight of a tall, dark-haired man…


‘Duke!’ her mind screamed, and her heart dropped before she turned back to the beach, and began to walk further away from the illusion once more, ignoring the way her body shook at the mere thought of him.

She eventually reached the wet sand, hearing the soft waves crashing into the shore. The sand crunched beneath her shoes, and she found herself with nowhere to hide.

Unless she’d rather brave the open sea than look behind her.

She watched as the waves bubbled up in the sand, retreating back and forth beneath her. It calmed her down somewhat, watching this rhythmic motion. She might not be able to run anymore, but perhaps she can wake up from this realistic dream.

It was time for her to open her eyes once more.

She closed her eyes, and breathed in deeply, trying to bask in the sea breeze and warm sunlight around her. She quickly made a short prayer, before turning slowly around, to face her fears, and see it to be nothing but an illusion.

She had been prepared to see nothing. Even prepared to see a complete stranger, ready to arrest her. But now that he stopped close enough to be seen clearly…

It was undeniable now.

It wasn’t a dream, not even an illusion as she watched his familiar face look brightly onto her as the autumn sun framed his form majestically in front of her.

Matthias von Herhardt.

It was really him.

And all of a sudden, her reality turned into a nightmare.








Matthias was barely listening to the sounds of waves crashing behind her, his mind too preoccupied by the lovely woman in front of him.

Ever since she turned around, neither of them felt the need to break the stillness between them. He was quite content to look at her and drink in her presence in front of him after so long!


He watched as the wind whipped around them haphazardly, spraying a few grains of sand over their clothes every now and then. It was a cool sea breeze, framing their bodies, further making Leyla look so enticing to him.

The hem of Matthias’ trench coat fluttered towards Leyla, making a physical connection between them.

He loved it.

Seeing her in the flesh. She was still as beautiful as ever, but he never doubted her to remain so. Her golden locks still whipped around her beautiful face ever so beautifully, like the soft fluttering of wings of a canary!

Her green eyes, still glistening so brightly in the daylight.

His eyes began skimming down her body intensely, before stopping at the only change he could see on her.

Her body, which used to be shapely and slender, was no longer just that. She was significantly thinner than before, her bones protruding sharply when he last saw her…

And in place of her slender stomach…

Was now bulging and round.

His eyes narrowed at the sight of it. Eyes solely trailed on her stomach, the wind around them whipped faster than before.

Leyla shivered under his gaze, arms unconsciously coming up to hug herself, and in a poor attempt to hide her stomach from his view.

She looked beautiful with her stomach all swollen like that.

And then Matthias grinned at her, his eyes twinkling in glee before he barked out a laugh at seeing her squirm in front of him.

There was no one else she could run! He truly has her now.

Yes, his mind was so clear right now. It was almost like he’d been waiting to wake up to see and savour this moment.

He’d gone willingly into a place of madness, into war and participated freely and eagerly to reach this moment! Time with her never existed. Everything was so still and serene when it was just the two of them.

And now he was out of the waters he’d long been subdued in.

Ever since he had almost drowned in the Schulter River, everything had been so…

Muddled.

But now, everything has returned to its vibrant hues! He could almost describe the sun above them as sparkling, but not more than Leyla was. Even the foreign sights before him were utter masterpieces.

And he could finally hear the birds singing around them once more.

Leyla. Matthias smiled so widely.

Finally, his little bird had been returned to him.

And so he straightened up, mind clear as day at what he needed to do. Leyla’s eyes shook and watered as she watched his stance change from a relaxed pose, to an elegant posture with purpose.

But his eyes held a dark glint in them that did not match the serenity he was trying to show her.

She felt her mouth go dry with every step he took toward her, her breathing falling short with every huff. Her body shook at the prospect of being in his arms once more!

Her stomach was churning uncomfortably. What was he planning to do to her?!

Instinctively, her arms wrapped around her swollen belly tighter.

He looked as beautiful as before, far from the nightmare he truly was, but she couldn’t help but feel so overwhelmed by his presence. Especially now he stood in front of her, with nothing preventing them from being together again.

“Hello Leyla.”

Matthias smiled genuinely at her, a malicious glint ever so present in his eyes as he watched her cower further in front of him. He couldn’t help but laugh in unbridled happiness once more!

From anyone else, his laughter sounded as innocent and pure as a child’s.

But in Leyla’s ears, they sound a lot more like the devil’s.








“Should I have stopped him?” a random soldier murmured to himself, “I heard she was quite pregnant too.” He fretted worriedly as he kept pacing back and forth in the safety of his barracks.

He couldn’t help but quake in fear at the gravity of what he’d just done!

“You didn’t know what he would do.”


“Yeah, and even if you did, how are you going to stop him? March into the Major’s tent and rescue the damsel?”

“That doesn’t mean I don’t have to do anything!” exclaimed the young soldier, resuming his pacing while his brothers-in-arms listened to his worries.

“Goodness, what situation have we gotten into.” grumbled another of his brother-in-arms.

“I don’t know, okay?!” blew up the pacing soldier, “I don’t know!”

He felt like sobbing.

He had been just given an order, by Major Herhardt himself. It had been a simple task, and he’d been desperate to please his commanding officer and eagerly took the assignment with no further questions.

After all, good soldiers follow orders, not question them.

And so he did as he was ordered, and managed to gather information on the woman he was asked to look for. He even secured her address and gave it without a second thought to his major. All this time, he thought it had been a distant relative the Major had, someone he wanted to check up on!

But lo and behold, terrible rumours began spreading like wildfire around the camp as soon as the Major took his leave with the flimsy piece of paper he’d written the address on!

The Major had kidnapped a woman!

Everyone brushed it off at first.

The Major? Creating a scandal amidst a war? Surely not, it was not in his character after all! He might have been brutal during the execution of their orders, but surely he wouldn’t dare harm a civilian!

He had a respectable reputation after all. And he hardly seemed interested in anything, much less in women in the short time they’ve spent under his command!

But eyewitnesses begged otherwise. They’d seen him in broad daylight whisking away a pregnant woman in his arms, before leading her into his establishment!

He’d been seen, arms full of a protesting woman, walking with no care by the square, before entering the current hotel, which had been turned into a makeshift quarters for all commanding officers.

Several witnesses, both Lovitan civilians, and Bergian soldiers would swear to see the same thing. But the Major had been unbothered by the wandering eyes towards them, arms still held on tightly onto the struggling woman he’d wrapped up in his trench coat.

She looked soaking wet beneath the huge coat on her.


At first, they thought it had been a child he’d randomly stumbled upon. She looked rather small in frame, all covered up. But those closer to witnessing him carry off the person could swear it was a full-grown woman and a pregnant one at that!

What could he even want with a pregnant woman?

No one knew. They all stood by and watched as both people disappeared into his room, and hadn’t emerged ever since.

The soldier couldn’t help but be riddled with guilt. The woman had been struggling greatly in the Major’s arms after all. And he’d been the one instrumental to let it happen!

He couldn’t turn a blind eye to it. He needed to rectify his misdeed and confront the Major into releasing her!

This wasn’t right.

He’d tried to intercept him as he’d encountered the Major as he’d arrived, but the cold glare he got made him cower in fear.

“Get out of my way.” That had been his order, and like a coward, he did as he was told. And the Major wasted no time brushing past him, the protests still loud against the soldier’s ears as he squeezed his eyes shut in shame.

The door to the Major’s room was slammed shut, and locked from outsiders. It was the last thing he knew before he found himself fretting back to his barracks in guilt and worry.

He had an inkling feeling about what could happen behind closed doors, especially in a war. But he didn’t want to think his commanding officer could ever do such a thing!

He was the epitome of honour and grace. There’s no way he would do it.

“Should I get someone with a higher rank than him?” he asked no one in particular and someone scoffed.

“Oh yeah, and what do you think they’ll do?” they shot back at him, “It’s Herhardt, you fool.”

“Yeah, ranks among the army mean nothing when you’re an aristocrat.” Agreed another.

A blanket of despair settled over them as the conversation grew silent in their deep thoughts.

“Argh!” shouted out in frustration by the soldier as he struggled to not make more of a commotion, “I don’t understand it! He never showed any interest in any girls we’ve encountered before! Why go overboard now!?”

Curious about what all the fuss was about, Medical Officer Etman entered the barracks. Everyone stopped and turned at the newcomer.


Kyle had been rather busy going here and about the entire camp, doing his duty and assisting wherever he was called to. As such, he was once again late to the news about the current scandal in the camp.

“What is it? Are you hurt?” Kyle immediately inquired, and everyone eyed him nervously, before another soldier immediately piped up.

“Hey, don’t you know Major Herhardt well?” they immediately asked, and Kyle couldn’t help but feel his entire mood sour at the mention of the Duke.

To be honest, he’d been doing well lately in ignoring the fact he’s in the same area as the Duke. It helped when he’d been quick to volunteer to assist in places he knew would take him as far away as possible from the Duke.

“I don’t know if I know him as well as I should.” Kyle remarked dryly, “What is this all about?” He asked anyway, his curiosity getting the better of him. “What is it?”

He asked again, noting the nervous glances that were being exchanged.

“Did something go wrong?”

“Well,” started the soldier right across from him, “We were wondering if he’d always been like that.”

“What?” Kyle frowned in confusion, “Like what?”

“You know, someone who likes kidnapping pregnant women and dragging them kicking and screaming into their room, that sort of thing?” piped up another in a nonchalant manner.

Kyle felt his stomach drop at the sudden question.

“What?” he couldn’t help but ask in disbelief. “What nonsense are you talking about!?” He asked, louder than before, looking around the soldiers in urgent inquiry.

One of the soldiers scratched their head awkwardly .

“I’m guessing this is unusual for him then, seeing as you’re so surprised by the news.”

“What?” Kyle asked again, looking around, so lost in what happened in his absence.

This time it was the guilty soldier who piped up.

“Oh it really is all my fault!” He fretted, “If I’d known this would happen, I wouldn’t have done it! Oh this is absolutely terrible!”

“What are you on about?!” Kyle frowned at him, “What did you do?”

The soldier fidgeted with his fingers, before sighing out.

“It happened as soon as we headed into Sienna,” he began…


The Major had randomly pulled him aside, and gave him a woman’s name, alongside with a picture of her to help aid his search. He was tasked to get her whereabouts, and like a people pleaser he was, he went and did so eagerly!

It didn’t even register to him how odd the whole order was!

Something unsettling was churning in Kyle’s gut the more he listened to his story.

“The woman,” he interrupted him mid-tirade, “Do you remember her name?”

“What?”

“The woman the Major asked you to find!” Kyle snapped, and grabbed him by the shoulders, “Do you remember her name!?”

“Y-yes of course!” He stammered, “I-I, uh, it was- I think it was Rey, no, uh- May, uh-”

“Leyla?” Kyle asked him, “Was it Leyla Lewellin?”

Everyone’s eyes turned to him wide at the new name they just discovered. The soldier’s eyes widened in recognization, and immediately nodded frantically in confirmation!

“Yes! Yes, that’s the name-!” He yelped all of a sudden when Kyle’s grip on his shoulders tightened up, “Uh… do you, by any chance… know her?” He nervously asked the medic.

Kyle’s head bowed low as his breathing turned slowly ragged. His fingers clenched open and close, flexing occasionally on the soldier’s shoulders.

‘That damn bastard!’ Kyle seethed in his thoughts, ‘I should have known this was why he’d been so eager to be assigned in Sienna!’

All this time, Matthias had been working towards a singular goal. All this time, he used the war as a means to get what he wanted.

He can’t believe Matthias found Leyla. All the more, he can’t believe Leyla had been hiding in Sienna!

“Etman, Etman are you still with us?” concerned voices floated into his ears as Kyle finally looked up at the soldiers huddled around him, “We lost you for a moment there.”

“You absolute piece of shit!” Kyle seethed out loud with gritted teeth, and the soldiers unexpectedly cowered away from the medic.

For some reason, they could tell it wasn’t directed to any of them.

All of a sudden Kyle jumped from his seat and stormed out of the barracks.

With adrenaline and rage pumping in his veins, Kyle wasted no time running towards the Major’s room.


Chapter 128




Time of Heaven And Hell







Silence befell the occupants in the room as soon as the door had been locked shut. Leyla cowered in both fear and silence, curling in on herself in a poor attempt to hide from Matthias’ view, yet he kept looking at her in a funny way.

Shivers wracked through her body, her arms tightening up all the more around her swollen belly.

“W-why are you here?” She asked him softly in a shaky voice.

This wasn’t another of her hallucinations after all. This was the truth. This was real.

Matthias had found her.

This was worse than a nightmare. Only he could ever make that possible. No one else scared her more, nothing else frightened her to the core as deeply as one Matthias von Herhardt.

Her monster had finally caught up to her. And he had come for her.

“Why am I here?” Matthias piped up, giving her a wide grin, “Why? I’m here to kill you, of course.” Matthias smoothly told her, his domineering form blocking the only exit in the room ominously.

Chilling air settled around Leyla upon hearing those words; her body shook worse as they began to weigh heavily on her shoulders as she looked up and saw his happy face looking so serenely at her.

She felt frozen in her spot.

“I told you this before Leyla,” He gently tutted toward her, stalking slowly closer to her huddled form, “I don’t do businesses that would bring me more loss than profit.” He hummed chidingly towards her, with a smirk firmly on his lips.

“You running away proved more troublesome that calculated Leyla,” he sighed, looking extremely disappointed in her, “By killing you, I would effectively cut out any more losses I might incur.”

His eyes scanned her frightened expression carefully, before he chuckled softly a few seconds later.

She looked simply adorable, all meek and frightened of him.

He forgot how simply exhilarating it was to see her so weak in front of him.


Leyla watched as his eyes glinted brightly against the dark, his blue eyes appearing more dangerous than before. Leyla found her words caught in her throat as she listened to him chuckling.

The sounds of his laughter were like velvet to her ear, but ice in her heart.

“Ah Leyla, of course when I planned that, I didn’t expect…” his eyes trailed down her face, and towards the poorly hidden belly from his view, “Such a wonderful surprise from you.” He cooed affectionately towards her. “To be honest it still quite baffles me-”

He moved to approach her, when Leyla jumped up and crossed over the bed to place more distance between them!

“Get away from me!” She screeched, “Don’t you dare touch me!”

‘I’m not her anymore!’ Leyla screams at him in her mind.

‘I’m not your mistress anymore!’

If possible, she wrapped her arms more protectively over her stomach.

He watched thin, wiry arms encircle around her belly, absentmindedly thinking how easy it would be just to break them apart. If he were to do that, would he see more of those beautiful tears flow out of her green eyes?

Ah, even now, her eyes glistened so beautifully like that last time he saw them before she escaped from him.

“Hush Leyla,” Matthias smiled at her, “Don’t shout so loudly now, you’ll disturb the others.” He continued to coo at her, swiftly crossing the distance between them in a few, long strides.

Leyla was backed up against the wall, and in no time he was framing an arm beside her to cut off her escape, while another cupped her cheek insistently.

Once more, she slapped it away, frustration building up in her instead of the usual fear.

“It’s not yours!” She hissed at him, pushing against his broad chest to keep him away from her. Matthias laughed at her poorly formed lie.

“Is it really?” He asked her lightheartedly, and kept leaning into her, effectively ignoring her feeble attempts to distance herself.

“Yes!” She exclaimed in panic, “I found a husband, and we’ve married shortly after finding each other here!” She proclaimed and Matthias tilted his head at her in intense regard.

She met his gaze with an equal fiery look, and his lips curled up into an impressed smirk.

She just got all the more amusing. He can’t wait to see how far he can push her now.

“Okay,” Matthias hummed, finally pulling away from her, much to Leyla’s confusion.

She watched as he turned around to turn on the lamp on the bedside table right next to the sofa in the room. It bathed the room in a soft orange glow, revealing the curtains to still be drawn, and left the room still dimly lit up.

He turned toward her once more, and Leyla wanted to shrink further in on herself, as he gently steered her towards the sofa. Leyla sunk further into the backrest, wishing for this nightmare to end.

But there was nowhere else to run.

Matthias breathed in deeply, meditating shortly as he closed his eyes, before looking down on his Leyla.

Her eyes were red from the kicking and screaming, the tears long dried up on her cheeks. Her body was still trembling, whether from the wetness or fear of him, it didn’t matter.

This was a woman who did a poor job in a children’s play.

And yet it was with those same eyes, she managed to deceive him.

He smiled encouragingly at her, his hands hidden behind his back.

“Tell me Leyla, what’s his name?” He asked her gently, “This… husband of yours.”

Leyla’s eyes shifted nervously towards him and then around. A pinkish tongue darted out of her lips nervously as she wetted them, before pursuing them together in a thin line, unwilling to give him more of a response.

Matthias knelt down in front of her, placing himself firmly between her legs as he scooted closer. Leyla flinched at his sudden proximity but gentle, calloused palms gripped her chin firmly, bringing her closer to him.

“I want you to think long… and hard about your answer,” Matthias whispered to her, before a click was heard in the silence. She watched as Matthias swept his other hand through his hair, and let out an involuntary whimper…

Matthias smirked at her, before displaying his pistol on the bedside table beside them.

“Whoever he is, I will kill them too.” He hummed with a pleasant smile.

Leyla tried avoiding his eyes, but he kept her firmly facing him, before his touch turned soft once more, caressing her face gently.

“It’s not your child!” she yelled at him, “It’s mine alone! Mine!” She exclaimed loudly, “There is no father! It’s entirely mine!”

“Oh?” Matthias chuckled amusedly at her declarations.

“It’s mine! There is no father! Mine alone!”

The wider Matthias’ grin grew, the loudly Leyla protested it to be hers alone, and no father was ever involved in its creation.

“What an odd woman you truly are,” Matthias praised as soon as she stopped her proclamations, “Leyla, are you saying you’re a holy maiden? Pregnant alone by a god’s will?” He smiled amusedly towards her.

Leyla watched him warily, the curiosity in her wondering what was going through his mind.

“I suppose it could be considered that as well,” he murmured softly before cupping her cheeks tenderly, his grin widening as she flinched under his touch, “What a great honor it is, to be your god.”

And Matthias’ shoulder shook as he began to laugh softly in great happiness.

Despite how soft and caring he was towards her right now, his eyes still held a cold, malicious glint in them as he continued to keep his eyes on Leyla.

Her attempts were futile. Nothing could hide from him the truth of what really was. Despite Leyla’s persistent protests, he knew she was his. They both were.

Including his child in her belly.

He resumed caressing Leyla’s face before his hands stilled around her face. He sighed eyes, trailed on her face.

Leyla met his gaze, body trembling as the pressure of his hold on her gradually grew in pressure. She let out a gasp once she realized his hold on her was gradually becoming tighter.

“Leyla,” he sighed out, and her hand shot up to grip him on his wrists. Trembling fingers feebly prevented his hold on crushing her.

Ignoring her, Matthias held her jaw in one hand, while the other hand busied itself caressing every curve and slope on Leyla’s face. The cute swoop of her button nose, the plump trembling lips, ample cheeks all flushed in front of him…

The familiar motions he had caressing her face gave Leyla some somersaults in her gut, a warm sensation pooling in the pit of her stomach with every caress. Her trembling eyes eventually relaxed, as she turned enraptured in his gaze.

Just as Matthias thought progress had been made between them, a sudden commotion came right outside his bedroom, and he narrowed his gaze in the direction of his locked door.

“LEYLA! LEYLA, ARE YOU IN THERE!?”


A familiar voice filtered through the door. Despite it being muffled, Leyla at once recognized the voice, her body filling with a warmth she wanted nothing more than to sink into.

There was banging against Matthias’ rooms, and more other voices, but Leyla latched onto that one voice…

“Kyle…” she murmured softly, wide eyes now trailed on the door. “Kyle, is it really-?”

Why was he here? Had he been conscripted in the war too!? Was he alright? Was he injured? Did he partake in the war, take up arms and use it against the Lovitan army?

“Stop.” Matthias snapped, something ugly in him rearing up at her loss of attention on him.

His grip on her jaw tightened, as he forcibly turned her eyes back on him.

Always, always it was Kyle.

KYLE, KYLE, KYLE….

It grated on Matthias’ nerves how he had to try so hard to get her to see him, and yet one move from such a lowly person, someone far beneath his status and influence could garner hers so easily!

When will he be worthy enough in her eyes to pay attention to instead?

He wasn’t just anyone vying for her attention. He was someone who could be deemed as the emperor’s equal, thanks to the generation of Herhardts before him. And yet in front of her, nothing was worth it.

In every way, she kept humiliating him, refusing to give him the time he deserved from her.

Then and now, she always was like this.

“Leyla, oh my Leyla,” he sighed wistfully pressing their foreheads together, “Don’t do that, again. Do that again, and I won’t promise to hold back anymore.” He pulled away and touched her lips with his hands…

“If you dare utter his name again,” he eyed her carefully, eyes turning dark as his gaze dropped to her lips, “If even a whisper of his name is out your lips, and I might just put a bullet through his head this time.”

Leyla gasped, her grip on his wrists tightening up as she frantically began to shake her head in protest.

“So for his sake,” Matthias groaned, pressing their foreheads together once more, a hand cupping the back of her head to keep them connected as he leaned against her hard, “Don’t ever say his name in my presence again.”

Leyla paled in front of him, Matthias’ coldly holding her trembling gaze. But he was dead serious.

He wasn’t one to make idle threats after all. And Leyla knew that best of all.


Her body trembles grew worse, but eventually she nodded shakily at him, wordlessly accepting his condition. Matthias hummed contentedly at her, nuzzling her affectionately before pulling away.

Gentle hands carded through her tangled locks, much like he was praising an obedient kid. Her breath hitched upon the motion.

She hated how such a touch from a cruel man gave her a small sense of comfort.

And then he stopped patting her on the hand, and swiftly turned on his heels, leaving Leyla to sink back down on the sofa, curling her legs up to her chest as best as she could. She watched Matthias approach the commotion by the door and turned her head away.








“Private Etman, cease this at once!” barked a nearby commanding officer, as a couple of other soldiers tried to pull the young medic away from the Major’s door.

But Kyle could care less how he was violating every chain of command in the army. His vision tunnelled only into the locked door in front of him, demanding loudly and wildly for an audience with its occupants!

“LEYLA!” he screamed through the door, head angling against it to listen into what was happening in the room, “YOU SON OF A BITCH! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO HER!?” Kyle screamed, fists pounding against the sturdy door.

“PRIVATE!”

Hands scrambled to pull him away, but Kyle yanked himself back, firmly plastered against the door!

“LET GO OF ME! LEYLA!”

A sudden click echoed in front of them, and everyone, including Kyle, stilled. The door was now unlocked.

They watched with bated breaths as the knob twisted open, to reveal Major Herhardt.

Cold eyes scanned the entourage that had formed in front of his room, before Matthias’ eyes landed on a seething Kyle Etman to the very front of everyone.

Wordlessly, Matthias stepped outside, and closed the door back shut behind him. He watched as Kyle’s body began to tremble, but unlike his Leyla, whose body trembled with fear of him, this was pure, unbridled anger.


Suddenly, Kyle lunged at him, hands fisting on his color, as the others scrambled to pull him away from the Major.

Matthias was smirking subtly, at him, completely hidden from everyone else in the hallway.

“Where is she, you bastard!? Did you kidnap her, huh!?” Kyle accused him openly.

“Private Etman, this is entirely unbefitting of someone of your stature! Control yourself this instant!”

“No!” Kyle looked up around Matthias, “LEYLA! LEYLA, I’M HERE!”

“You heard your commander, Etman,” Matthias calmly replied to him, “It’s best you return to your barracks.”

“You asshole!” Kyle continued to seethe at him, “You knew didn’t you? All this time, you knew she was here, and that’s why you wanted to be in charge of this whole thing, didn’t you!?”

Matthias only stared him down, unbothered completely by anything he was saying.

“All this time, pretending you were sick, and then using your power and position to get to her, and now this!” Kyle exclaimed, pointing towards the closed room behind him, “You just go back and treat her like another one of your objects. How dare you do that? Even now, you’re still the same monster as you were.”

The soldiers around them watched with apprehension the exchange between the two men. It was clear to them that Etman felt so strongly about this, but the Major was a picture perfect calm, which also made them believe things weren’t as bad as it was being portrayed…

A click, and then a pistol was trailed against Kyle’s forehead.

“MAJOR!” barked a random soldier in the room, but Kyle held his ground, even as he shook in place at the obvious threat to his life. Soldiers grabbed him in both arms, trying to get him to back off, but Kyle struggled to stay in place.

“You’re very loud, and unruly Private Etman,” Matthias sighed out, before holding an index finger against his lips, “Please do not make any more noise, less you frighten the child.” He told him, taking back everyone in the hallway.

A frown made its way to Kyle’s expression in confusion. Matthias watched it, holding the other’s gaze long enough to send him a smug smirk.

“You’ll frighten my child.” He told the young doctor-to-be.

Matthias watched as the fight in Kyle’s eyes was once more doused in front of him as the realization soon sank into him. Matthias could feel a sense of victory seeing such devastating expression on him a second time.


It was a look of someone who had lost hope. Much like the look he remembered seeing these past few months of both enemies and comrades alike the longer the war took place. But Matthias’ eyes held a spark of triumph, and glee…

Like he only just began to live now.

A hush silence gathered around them as everyone else was taken aback.

With his pistol still trained on Kyle’s forehead, Matthias finally stepped back, watching the fire and life slip out of Kyle’s eyes, who turned dead silent as soon as the revelation had come.

New footfalls came, and Matthias looked to the side and saw some military police finally come. The soldiers stepped to the sides to make way as they watched Private Etman sink to the ground. The police wasted no time in subduing the Private.

They slapped him with charges of insubordination and disrespect of the chain of command. They cuffed him, and dragged him up to his feet and away from everyone gathered in the hallway.

One of them met Matthias’ eyes and nodded respectfully at him before they left dragging Kyle with them.

Everyone in attendance grew still and silent, eyes trailed warily on the Major who was still a picture-perfect calm, and composed soldier. Once both the military police and Kyle were gone from sight, Matthias wasted no time turning on his heels and entering his room.

A shut, and a click…

The door was locked from outsiders once more.

As soon as he entered the room, Leyla stumbled a couple steps back as their eyes met. In her mind she was screaming to demand for Kyle’s well-being, but she bit her lips to keep herself from saying his name.

Her body shook, and eyes watered as she held the Duke’s gaze, unable to voice out her utmost concerns.

Satisfied with being together, and with her keeping her word, Matthias gently approached her, hushing her softly, before pulling her into a warm hug.

She staggered away from him, but Matthias ignored it, simply gathering her up quickly in his arms, and holding her firmly against his chest. He cradled her against his chest, swaying their bodies back and forth in gentle rocking motions.

Having her in his arms really made him feel complete. Almost like the final puzzle piece falling into place.

And he loved it.


All tuckered out of a fight, and finally giving into his wishes, Matthias gently steered her towards his bed, laying her on the center, before kneeling at her feet.

In no time, practiced hands slipped her wet socks and shoes off her tired feet. His calloused hands cradled her feet, lightly assessing the damage it accrued over their time apart with a slight hum, before gently placing them on the bed.

She’d been ready to drown in the sea just to escape him. Luckily Matthias could predict her every movement and managed to grab her just in the nick of time before she grew wetter than she already was.

Such a beautiful woman. It was truly a shame she hated him so much.

Both happiness and pain surged in him at the sight of her, with a dash of both disillusionment and joy once he held her in his arms again.

She was still stubbornly quiet, teeth digging into her lips. Matthias reached out, and lightly brushed a thumb on her plump lips. She shouldn’t wound such a kissable part of her face. He smiled down on her, watching as her eyes turned glassy.

Hands then trailed down to cup the beautiful stomach carrying their child. And Leyla gasped, and cringed, turning away from him.

Ah, how he really loved her.

He loved her so much, he was prepared to kill her to never lose her again.

Even now, all thin and swollen from their child, she still looked as dazzlingly beautiful as a queen.

What a time for heaven and hell to meet on the same plane indeed.


Chapter 129




Chain




“Come now, stop being stubborn,” Matthias tutted softly once he saw the food prepared for her remain untouched.

Leyla remained unmoving on her spot, eyes refusing to look at him.

“What a selfish woman you truly are, Leyla. Thinking of no one but yourself.” Matthias continued, sighing out in disappointment, before he rose from his seat to approach Leyla.

It had been clear in a short time to Leyla that no amount of resistance from her would ever convince him that having her with him was more of a loss than releasing her. As such, she was resolved to become as lifeless and as boring as a doll towards him instead.

And so she refused to eat, drink, and even talk at all. She moved when he moved her, and stared off into space even as he forced her to look at him.

She would only exist and sleep in his presence.

“Think about our child.” He hummed beside her.

“My child…” Leyla’s raspy voice softly protested. “You’re not the baby’s father… you’ll never be a father.”

It was soft, and raspy, the first time she spoke again since she’d been threatened not to utter Kyle’s name again. It was also a testament to how dry her throat had become when he was not forcing drinks and food down her throat.

It’s only been half a day since they met again, but already it felt like the nightmare was endless with him around.

Despite the continued rejection of his paternity to their child, Matthias ignored her as he busied himself to forking up some food to feed her. Satisfied, he smiled at her as he firmly held up the fork, filled with food, against her lips.

“I’m willing to take full responsibility for you and our child, Leyla.” He hummed softly, “I’m sure you know very well how well I can provide for both of you.”

“I don’t care!” Leyla hissed at him, “It’s my child. It won’t have anything to do with you. So I don’t need your responsibility.” She huffed out, turning her chin away from the food he was holding up for her.


“If you don’t want my responsibility, then how about my will?” Matthias grinned at her when she turned back to glare at him, “After all, aren’t I your god? Isn’t my will supposed to be done?”

He gently placed the fork down her plate, as his hands dropped to take hers in his.

“After all, it was also my will that created this child.” He smiled lovingly at her. He then led her hand towards the plate, curling her fingers on the fork, guiding it as it dug through the delicate meat on her plate.

Satisfied she was partially cooperative once more, the grip on the fork tightening up, Matthias sent her another pleased smile before going back to his own seat to finish his meal.

Leyla stared at him as he leisurely dined across from her. In her indignation, her grip on the fork tightened up, and she threw it down on the floor as she shot up to her feet, dragging some food along with it as it spilled across the floor.

It fell onto the floor with a dull thud. Her eyes burned holes into him with rage. Matthias sighed in disappointment once more, raising his head to meet her gaze before frowning at the spilled food on the floor.

“If you’re going to kill me, then do it!” Leyla demanded, “Don’t sit there and feed me like a pig for slaughter! Just kill me already!”

She heaved as she demanded him to do as he promised, and Matthias let out a despondent sigh, before standing up once more and bent to pick up the fork she threw away. He placed it back on the table, eyes still holding her gaze.

“Oh believe me, I plan to do just that.” He said soothingly towards her, “After all, I’ve turned quite desperate lately.” He mused with a light smile that didn’t really reach his eyes.

“I did plan to do it as soon as I found you but, unexpected surprises came.” Matthias smiled as his gaze dropped to her stomach, “If you were still on your own, you would be dead by now, Leyla. But alas, our child doesn’t deserve to die with you. So you’ll have to live on a little longer, wouldn’t you agree?”

Swiftly, he turned around to leave the room, grabbing the fork in tow. Leyla heard the familiar sound of a lock clicking into place, and knew she’d be unable to leave the room.

She was trapped like a mouse in a puzzle box. She immediately walked away from the table, standing firmly in front of the window and looking outside at the army slowly turning Sienna into part of Berg.

Shortly after he left, he came back, in his hands now a new and clean fork. A shiver went down her spine upon his entrance, ears straining to hear his every movement.

In the reflection of the mirror, she could see him grabbing a steak knife on the table.

“Without you looking at me, I suddenly feel so confident.” Matthias mused to her, and she couldn’t help but shake with rage.


“Get out! Get away from me! Let me out already!” She demanded incessantly, but Matthias let her rage on, before responding in a calm manner.

“Oh Leyla, I thought you were smarter than this.” He hummed, the fork now placed on the table, right next to her still full plate. He now toyed with the steak knife in his hand.

Leyla eyed him warily. He gestured to the bedside table.

“There’s a gun right there, all this time.” He hummed, before clicking his tongue in disappointment at her having missed it.

He eyed her, and the window behind her.

“Do you really plan to go like that?”

“What choice do I have? I don’t plan to go back with you! Never!” She screeched at him, stepping away from the window this time, and putting more distance between them…

“I don’t want to be your mistress! I’ll never return with you!”

Matthias suddenly chuckled, shaking his head, before sighing out. He looked at Leyla for a moment.

“Are you so certain that’s really what I want?” He asked her with a smile. Leyla stilled in place, her brows frowning as she wondered what he was getting at. “Do you really think that I’m the same man as I was? So easily tricked by a mere mistress?”

Leyla’s thoughts drew to blank at his words.

This was different. This man was different.

This wasn’t the Matthias von Herhardt she’d grown to know and observe. This was so different from how she once knew him, and it made her so confused! His eyes landed on her stomach once more.

“Leyla, don’t you know you’re killing the baby?” He hummed thoughtfully, as she clenched her fists on her side. He then chuckled lowly at her, before his eyes turned cold. His fingers balanced the knife between them.

“What do you want from me?” Leyla hissed at him in a whisper, eyes trailed on the ground. She moved again, her back to the window once more, pressing up against it.

Matthias shrugged at her, effectively dropping the knife with a dull thud onto the floor.

“Eat first, then we’ll discuss what I intend to do to you afterwards.” He commanded her with a smile, holding out a hand as he gestured for her to take her seat back on the table like the gentleman he portrayed himself to be.

“After all, I need to feed my child, don’t you?” He asked her with a tilt, and Leyla glared at him with a thinly veiled disgust.

“It’s not your child.” Leyla declared, “No matter how many times you say it, I’ll keep denying it.”

“Leyla,” he sighed out, “I fully understand, and intend to do as I promised to kill you. But it’s quite difficult to do so while my child is still inside you. Rest assured, as soon as it’s out of you, your wishes will be granted.” He smiled at her serenely.

A clink, and he looked down to see the knife on the floor.

He clicked his tongue in slight distaste, lightly kicking the fallen knife away from him, before taking a second knife on the table, and began to cut out her steak for her, himself.

“As such, these are difficult times we have ahead, so eat up.”

“I don’t mean to be rude, but it upsets my stomach to eat food with the likes of you around me.” Leyla huffed out, turning her cheek away from him as he cut up her food for her. The glistening in the corner of her eyes made Matthias bark out a laugh.

He wondered what else he could say.

So indignant, and stubborn, she resembled a spoiled little puppy who had yet to encounter the harshness of the world around it. Ah, but Matthias did not feel too bad about it. He forgot how refreshing it was to witness someone act so blatantly disrespectful of him.

It’s one of the things that made her so interesting to him. Ah, if only she knew it was her stubborn refusal and rejection of him that only drove him further mad about her, then she would have long abandoned such treatment of him.

“Then how about you act?” He dropped down, to whisper it right next to her ear, “You’re good at acting, aren’t you?” He teased her, and Leyla whipped her head around, face flushing in hardly concealed anger at his words!

Matthias then grabbed his cup of water and took a sip from it, soothing his throat.

“To be honest, I was quite amazed at how effectively you managed to pull it off.” He praised her, “Who knew you could act so perfectly like that?” He smirked at her and Leyla shot back to her feet!

“Quiet! You don’t know what I’ve felt going through it!” She exclaimed, clasping both hands around her ears. But Matthias only blinked at her in confusion.

“Why are you so mad? It was a compliment, really.” Matthias pointed out to her, but she only stubbornly shook her head, arms still covering her ears in protest. “After all, it was of your own brilliant acts that our baby had been conceived.”

“It’s mine! Not yours! Never yours!”

“In fact, you were acting so well at being in love with me, perhaps we could call it our love child isn’t it?”

“Stop it!”

“Yes, though you were acting, it was the principle of the acts wasn’t it?”

“I said stop!”

“You were acting you love me, so it was a child made out of love, isn’t it?”

“I said stop it! Stop talking about my baby!”

Matthias grew quiet as he watched Leyla curled into herself, hands still pressed firmly against her ears, eyes squeezed shut in front of him. His long, slender fingers circled the rim of his water glass as he observed her, waiting for her to eventually calm down again.

Tears fell from her eyes, and Leyla began to sniffle and whimper softly in front of him. Matthias chuckled, shaking his head slightly, before dropping down beside her on one knee, lowering himself further to whisper in her ears…

“So act like it again.” He told her.

She acted like she loved him so well because she wanted so badly to run away and escape him, didn’t she?

“Give me another of your world-class acts, because this time, not only your freedom, but your life depends on it as well.” He murmured against her, kissing her lightly against the back of her ear.

“I won’t,” she sniffled, “You can’t make me do anything anymore with your cruel tricks.” Leyla seethed at him, and Matthias quirked up a brow.

“Tricks?” Matthias asked incredulously, before laughing in amusement, “Ah my Leyla, this isn’t any trick, but a mere toleration of your continued existence.” He sighed out.

“Either way, I won’t drink even a single drop of water until you let me free.” She hissed at him, “No matter what you do, or what’s at stake, I won’t do a single thing to prolong my life.”

Even now, he still managed to get underneath her skin, to make her feel like bugs were crawling in her veins. He still had the power to humiliate her completely.

And maybe that will always be true. Because she couldn’t change her past, no matter how hard she tried.

She would always be the woman he’d violated, coerced to be with for the whole of winter and some more to be his lover. For her to be so shamelessly and horribly paraded like his trophy…

There was nothing else he had to hold over for her.


“You should get changed.” Matthias suddenly piped up, interrupting Leyla’s morbid thoughts. He then stood up to his full height. Just as he was about to move away to get her a change of clothes he wanted for her, he paused and turned back to her.

“Did you know that Kyle is currently imprisoned right now?” He casually asked her, and Leyla’s eyes snapped up to him, all wide and full of worry. “Yes, because of you, that I had to take drastic measures.”

“What?” Leyla asked dumbly, before she struggled to rise back to her feet, “Prison? You locked him up in prison? How could you do that!?”

Matthias frowned at her with a slight pout.

“It’s unfair how you’re blaming me for this Leyla,” he reasoned out, “After all, it wasn’t my influence that led him to be insubordinate, and attacking his superior, isn’t it?”

“Liar! It’s your fault!” Leyla shot back at him, tears falling from her eyes and Matthias smirked at her before shrugging.

“Either way, he’s still in jail, and ah,” Matthias suddenly piped up, “Probably starving as well.” He told her with a smile. “So you see, it’s not my fault he got dragged to prison, that’s yours.” He told her.

“But the starvation, that’s my doing.” Matthias smiled at her proudly, before sitting on his chair and leaning back against the backrest to recline himself as he crossed his legs.

“You see I specifically gave them an order to not give him any food yet.” He elaborated for her, “I’m only going to order them to give him as much as you eat after all. So if I don’t see you eat, or drink anything then… neither does Kyle Etman.” He finished off with a smirk in her direction.

Leyla eyed him hatefully, tears flowing freely down her face as she stood before him.

“Are you even human?” She couldn’t help but ask in a soft voice.

First he dangled her father’s freedom in front of her.

Now he dangled Kyle’s health and life above her head once more.

“Always, always, you keep doing this to me…” She whispered to him. Her hands grabbed onto the edge of the table, knuckles turning white with quiet rage. “First Uncle Bill, and now…” she bit her lips, preventing herself from uttering Kyle’s name.

Matthias blinked.

Bill Remmer.

Now that’s a name he hadn’t heard for a while now. And the first he’d heard from Leyla since meeting her again. But Matthias schooled his expression back to indifference, when Leyla slammed her palms over the table, its contents rattling against the sudden impact.


He watched as her body wracked in front of him, before he saw her hands fist the tablecloth’s seams. It wasn’t difficult to predict what she would do next.

In no time, Leyla pulled on the tablecloth, dragging every plate, food and drinks on the table, sliding them off and wasting them all so she won’t be able to eat anything at all! The utensils clattered noisily on the floor, plates and glasses shattering to pieces as they hit solid ground.

She eyed Matthias hatefully as she did so. He could only hum in thought at it.

“Poor Kyle Etman,” He mused out loud before sighing as though he didn’t want to do it, “I guess he’ll be starving then.”

He flicked his napkin to lightly dab on the sauce that splattered on his clothes before he stood up and started to turn away from her. She watched as he went up and out the door, closing it behind him softly.

It was soon followed by a series of sounds of locks and chains clicking into place, before she heard his footfalls begin to fade…

And then cold silence began to keep her company once more.

She sank back down into her plush seat, body shaking with barely contained rage, frustration and fear.

In the warm light of the afternoon sun, Leyla remained alone in the storm she had made around her. She wrapped her arms around her, trying to emulate the way her father used to wrap her safely in his arms and squeezed her eyes shut, hoping to block out the mess she was trapped in.








Sometime later, a soldier on-duty passed by the locked door in the hallway. It had once been the Major’s assigned room, but now, with all the hastily made locks, and chains outside, it might as well be a makeshift prison.

Word on the street was the Major was keeping a pregnant woman inside it. And no one would enter, or leave it, aside from him, and him alone. Whenever the Major left, he’d ensure all the locks were secure and in place.

Ever since he’d arrived in Sienna, he hadn’t been the same aloof Major. Others theorized he’d finally gone mad with the war.

Trepidation began to fill him, as his shaky hands reached out towards the locks, eyes darting left and right to make sure no one was coming.

There were orders issued not to enter. But this time, he’d been ordered to do differently.

“It’s only for a little bit,” he whispered reassuringly to himself, “Yeah, just a small peak.”

Softly undoing every lock and wrap of chains, he slightly cracked open the door to the room, quietly clearing his throat in his nervousness. As soon as he peeked his head in, a woman, who’d been sitting in front of the windows turned around.

His eyes first trailed onto the mess on the floor, looking absolutely aghast at the state of the room.

“This is…” He muttered softly, before locking eyes with the only person in the room. She looked paler than she should have been.

He gulped, his grip on the meager meal he’d brought tightening as she narrowed her eyes towards him critically. He held it out for her, like a peace offering…

“H-here,” he stuttered, “Eat this at least.” He softly offered for her, eyeing her baby bump nervously, “If not for you then your child at least.” He added softly.

When she still eyed him warily, he decided to continue.

“Don’t worry, Major Herhardt doesn’t know I’m here.” He added, as a small consolation. She might have been under the impression he was ordered to give it to her.

He was. But he wasn’t about to say it to her lest she might not eat it some more.

He didn’t understand what this all was for, nor why she was even being detained. The rest of their problems would be solved if the Major would only let this woman go. Either way, there was nothing he could do but follow orders.

“Don’t worry, he doesn’t know I’m here. You won’t get in trouble for eating it.” He encouraged when she still refused to move from her spot, “I promise he doesn’t know.”

Meekly, he placed the food onto the table, backing away slowly.

“I’ll be back in half an hour to get the plates. Eat well then,” he whispered to her as he backed out of the room, grabbing hold of the knob to close the room back up.

His task was done, and the food the Major had ordered to be given to her had been successfully delivered, if not received. She was still looking at his retreat, before her eyes looked down on the silver domed covered meal.

He paused, wondering if perhaps he should stay instead to watch her eat? Or should he just come back later to check up on her instead, like he said?

“Hey…” a soft voice called out to him, and he looked up immediately to see the woman now anxiously fidgeting in front of him.

He made a small, startled noise, before calming himself down.

“Kyle,” she whispered, “Is he really in prison, right now?”

The soldier blinked, before trying to recall the ones recently tossed to prison.

“Kyle, Kyle… oh, Kyle Etman? The medical private?” he inquired further to clarify, and she gave him a terse nod.

“Yes, that’s him.” She confirmed softly, “So… is he really in prison?”

He frowned at the question in confusion, before eventually nodding at her.

“Yeah, he did get tossed into jail recently. Something about insubordination and attacking a commanding officer.”

Silence reigned between them once more, and the soldier squirmed. He didn’t have a good feeling about interacting more with this woman. It was best he left now before he’d inadvertently insult or slight anyone powerful.

“Well, eat up. I’ll be back shortly.” He hastily bid goodbye, before she piped up once more.

“Can you give this to Kyle, instead?”

The soldier paused just as he was about to close the door behind him. He opened it back up to look at her incredulously.

“What?”

“Can you give the meal to him instead?” She asked him again, in her hands now the tray he’d left on her table.

“I, uh…”

So many things could go wrong if he were to give in to the woman’s wishes. Firstly, he’d directly disobey orders, undermining his superior’s authority. He could very well follow Kyle Etman to jail for disobedience as well!

They might even have cells right next to each other!

“I, I don’t know.” He murmured, “I could get in real big trouble if I do that.” He told her apologetically, and watched as her shoulders sagged.

“I, yes, that’s true.” She huffed out in resignation, “I’m sorry for asking you to do it. Thank you though, for the meal.” She told him with a slight smile.

He gave her a terse nod, and softly shut the door on her, quickly replacing and securing the locks back into place.


Before he could close the door though, he watched as she approached the meal, and uncovered it to reveal a piece of sandwich and a can of soda. He couldn’t help but feel slightly affronted by the poor meal he had prepared.

It was a far cry from what he knew the noble officers ate, however, it was impossible to have the meal changed to something more substantial for a woman of her condition instead.

He only hoped she would eat it as soon as he left.










Chapter 130




Tasted Like Heaven







Eventually, Matthias returned once more to the chained room. And once he did, he noted that Leyla was still by the window, looking more tired than before.

The room around her had also grown dark as the sun had finally begun to set for the day. The fire in the room remained unlit.

He locked the door behind him, stalking slowly towards her as he flicked on the lights in the room.

Unexpectedly, she was the one to break the silence before.

“I ate.” She muttered towards him in a defeated manner, just in time for him to finally draw the curtains to a close. He then turned to face her once more.

“A soldier,” she continued, “Brown hair, brought me a sandwich. So I ate that.” She supplied helpfully.

And he hummed, nodding along in disinterest towards her.

“And what of it?”

Leyla made a small affronted noise, before sighing out.

“So, give Ky-him some food too.” Leyla huffed out, the name almost slipping back from her lips.

Matthias stared down at her before chuckling and leaning back against the windows.


She had expected him to see her attempt at something ridiculous, but she still couldn’t help but feel insulted by his nonchalant demeanor.

“I’m not making this up.” She insisted to him, “If you want then you can go and check-”

“I believe you.” Matthias told her, eyes crinkled in delight towards her before sighing out, “Unfortunately, just because you ate something doesn’t mean I’d give him any food.” He hummed out in slight satisfaction.

Leyla’s mouth dropped open in disbelief before she hit her fist on the table.

“You promised me!”

“I did, but eating wasn’t my only condition,” he reiterated, smiling smugly at her, “Don’t you remember?”

“ – if I don’t see you eat, or drink anything then… neither does Kyle Etman.”

Finally, he dropped his smug smile upon seeing Leyla turn speechless and pale at his reminder. Unless he’d seen her eat anything, Kyle won’t be getting any food, even if she did eat without him.

Her body shook once more, as her eyes darkened, trailed solely on the messy floor around them.

“How do you even live with yourself?” she couldn’t help but ask incredulously, “How can you keep being so… so… cold-hearted and cruel!? What does that benefit you!?”

Matthias only kept staring at her blankly.

“Where did the once honorable Duke Herhardt go?” She asked him in a mix of disappointment and disbelief.

Finally, she managed to convince herself to approach him. With shaky steps, she grew bolder, wanting her words to pierce him where she wanted it to hurt.

“Look at you, abandoning your pride in upholding your empire, running away because you grow tired of them,” she scoffed, looking up at him in pure disappointment, “And now here you are, abandoning your newly married wife to play hero in the battlefield.”

Matthias’ lips curled up in a minuscule smile.

“Oh, I don’t know. But is that what you think?” he hummed curiously towards her. He reached up to remove his hat, placing it gently on the swiped clean table.

He couldn’t find it in himself to even be angry at her. Far from it, he found it difficult not to feel so relaxed and amused with her nearby.

Leyla looked at him as though he was crazy, and maybe he was.


Their time apart had made her forget how he truly was to her. He was someone whom she hated with every fiber of he being, and will continue to keep on hating and hating and hating until—

“What are you thinking of doing to me?” She asked him instead, “What are you planning to do? Are you just going to keep teasing me like this? Torture me as revenge for daring to escape you?!”

She stepped back, hands cradling her belly gently as she looked at him.

“You’re so eager to tie me down to you, but did you ever stop to consider whether you deserve to even have this?” She asked him hatefully, “Did you ask yourself whether you’re worthy or not to be a father?”

When Matthias remained silent, she scoffed at him, and hugged her arms around her belly.

“And that’s why this child will never be yours.” She spat at him, “You don’t even deserve to mention my child at all.”

She turned away from him as soon as she felt tears threatening to spill from her eyes.

“So I don’t care, in my life and in my child’s, you do not even exist.” She declared to him, “So don’t bother taking responsibility. I’d rather you let me go, and for you to go back home to your Duchess!”

‘Don’t cry.’ Leyla scolded herself once more, ‘He doesn’t deserve your tears.’

She knew she shouldn’t expect anything from him. And she resolved herself to never do it.

She’d long made up her mind that nothing would of that fact. This decision of hers had been long in the making, cemented firmly as soon as she’d been reunited with Matthias.

But she was also so… terrified.

Something in her heart was skipping indecipherably, that she couldn’t help but look forward to what his plans were. And she couldn’t stand it, always raising her expectations of him, just for him to trample it down so carelessly as if she mattered next to nothing!

“Think about this in a logical way then Leyla,” Matthias remarked back at her, “What can a woman of your stature even do in a time of war? How could you even raise that kid by yourself?” He asked her, the cold, amused glint in his eyes long gone, now replaced with cold seriousness.

“We’ll do just fine, no thanks to you!” she retorted back at him, “A war’s compared to nothing next to living with you!”

His hands shot out to grip her tightly by the shoulders, making Leyla gasp half in surprise and the rest in complete fright!

“L-let go!”

“Leyla Lewellin.” Matthias growled at her.


“Keep your dirty hands off me!” She screamed, slapping his hands away before bodily freeing herself from him.

Matthias stared at her, then to his hands, and then back. He then laughed at her.

“My hand, you think,” he chuckled in disbelief, “You think my hand is dirty?”

“Yes!” she exclaimed, “There’s no way it isn’t!”

She wrapped her hands around herself, rubbing her arms furiously as though to physically rub his scorching touch off of her.

“I hate it! I hate it! I hate you!”

Leyla’s muffled screams of hate for him could be heard out in the empty hallway. Shouting with all her might how it’s always made her body crawl whenever he touched her, and it will keep making her feel so disgusted with herself forever and ever.

“Are you finally satisfied with my answer?” She asked him, panting heavily, to a silent Matthias after her enormous tirade.







“Kyle! Hey, Kyle Etman!”

His name echoed in the rubble walls of his makeshift prison. As soon as he’d been dragged away from the major, he was lumped into a solitary prison, beneath the basement of the hotel, which also doubled as a warehouse.

Kyle was currently leaning against the rough, cold stone behind him. His eyes trained solely on the tips of his shoes, but did not really see anything. His mind was leagues away from his prison, but now he’d been brought back with a call of his name.

When he looked up, he saw the familiar face of his military doctor supervisor behind bars.

“L-Lieutenant!” Kyle stuttered, scrambling to get up, wincing when he realized his legs had grown numb in his immobility. He staggered closer to the bars, “Why, I don’t, here?” he huffed out tiredly.

The doctor merely looked at him somberly and sighed.

“I’m here because I grew worried about you.” The doctor sighed deeply, gesturing for Kyle to sit back down, before lowering himself as well. Off at the corner of Kyle’s prison cell, was an untouched meal.

The meal was barely substantial, but it was what was given as a standard to anyone then as prisoners.


“You should still be eating, even in prison.” He told Kyle, “It’s times like this you need to keep your strength up. You don’t want to make things worse for yourself Kyle. Think about your health.”

“The duke’s — no, the woman the major took back to his room,” Kyle asked instead, “Is she alright? Did they release her?”

The doctor blinked at him unsurely.

“I, Etman,” the doctor sighed, before shaking his head in response, “No, as far as everyone knows, she’s still with the Major.”

The doctor pursed his lips thoughtfully, before continuing.

“He’s had her locked up in his room, the door barred and locked from the outside to prevent her from leaving.”

Kyle scoffed at the information, half expecting the outcome, while the other half was still in disbelief at the audacity the Duke had in handling Leyla like a pet.

She was a person. And he kept treating her like less than one.

“He really is a crazy guy.” Kyle grumbled.

“Stop that Kyle,” the doctor chided him, “We’re in a battlefield. Whatever your personal differences are with the Major, let it go! He’s still your superior.” He reminded him, “So eat up, and then bow your head in apology to him, and then you’ll get released from this poor cell.”

The advice was well-meaning, and made out of concern for him, Kyle knew. But his heart and mind were in complete agreement that he wouldn’t ever apologize to the Major.

“No.” Kyle declared, “I won’t bow my head to apologize to that kind of man. Never.”

“I don’t understand you Kyle, you’re usually very level-headed.” The doctor sighed out in frustration, throwing his hands up in the air before looking back at the imprisoned young medic.

“Who is she even to you Kyle, huh?” he asked him, “Why are you so adamant to go against the Major for her?”

He’d heard the rumors through the grapevine. Kyle Etman had up and attacked the Major out of nowhere, demanding the release of the woman, and was ready to be killed for it. Apparently the Major had held up a gun to his head before the authorities arrived to haul him away.

But the Duke was well-known to be a respectable man back in the empire. He was the best aristocrat, second only to the members of the royal family. Kyle was the son of his family’s doctor. One would assume the two would be close but alas…

A woman stood between them.


It was a scandal sure to grab the attention of anyone who’d caught wind of it. But none of the concerned parties would budge, nor indulge in any information about the entire situation, as such, theories about the three only grew wilder with every silence they kept.

Kyle was tight-lipped as ever, much like the Major. Both refused to shed even a little light over what’s really been happening aside from what’s already been witnessed.

“Still, you should at least eat.” the doctor sighed out in resignation, “You understand me, Kyle?” he reminded, but received only further silence.

As the younger medic’s stubbornness won out, the doctor finally got up, patting the bars slightly like it was Kyle’s shoulder before eventually leaving the young man back to his thoughts.

His shadow grew with every distance growing between them on top of the cooled dinner by the corner. When the doctor looked back to see if Kyle had heeded his words…

He was still in the same spot as he had left him.








Matthias remained in his silence as he regarded Leyla. He showed no indication as to what his thoughts truly were despite Leyla repeatedly and earnestly disrespecting and insulting him right in his face.

As soon as she was done spouting filth about him, he took a step towards her.

Leyla’s hands fisted around her skirt, squeezing them tightly between her palms, but remained resolutely in place. She was done cowering.

And then her mind flashed back to Claudine.

She tried to shake the feeling and memory away, but she remained persistent in the forefront of her mind.

She could still remember, as clear as day, the humiliation and shame she felt upon her revelations. How she knew all this time, what had been happening behind her back!

It made Leyla feel more miserable and dirty, especially so when she knew she couldn’t deny a single accusation thrown at her.

She thought she’d forgotten everything that’s happened by now.

But what a fool she’d been.


She had known that when she left, the wedding of the two of them had been fast approaching. There was no doubt in her mind that they were finally married by now. It had been set to be around late Spring to early Summer after all.

It was also around the same time she began to experience sudden bouts of morning sickness, leaving her all exhausted and in pain right afterwards.

She remembered heaving whatever contents were left in her stomach over the toilet, and when finished she would sit limply on the stone, cold tiles on the bathroom floor. If she’d be at work at the time, she’d hide away in the corner of the museum’s warehouse.

She had been desperate to not be found out that she was pregnant.

As the bump grew, so did the sorrow in her heart. Nothing could erase the ache in her heart. It could be numbed temporarily, like when she’d eat what she wanted, or when she passed by a newly wedded couple cradling a baby to their breast…

But it remained persistently constant.

And then the war came, and that sorrow for her growing child took a backburner, replaced only with the terrible fear of the war right in their doorsteps. Everyday she would rub a hand over the growing bump…

‘We’d be okay.’

Words she’d whisper or think about to her child.

The Duchess, she knew, had no doubt been showered with praises and well-wishes on her wedding day.

Someday soon, she too would raise her own children.

Visions of how the duchess’ children would grow to be made Leyla feel like something was squeezing out of her chest. A whisper of how her child could grow up to be, bringing sweet temptation into her thoughts…

But she shooed it away fervently.

‘I’ll love you twice as much,’ she thought. So they will be okay.

She’d endured worse days before. She can endure them again in the future.

All she knew was that she never wanted to be in the shadows of such a man once more, even more to never let the child grow in her, live through the pain and humiliation she suffered around his presence.

She was determined to not let it live like she did.

Matthias approached her, stopping only at arm’s length away from her. He still looked so calm and composed, and Leyla felt herself beginning to cower, her shoulders hunching in to make herself appear smaller.

But she kept her eyes locked on his.

“Leyla, how do you expect to raise a child of someone you accuse to disgust you?” He asked her plainly.

“Shut up!” Leyla yelled at him, arms back to wrap around her belly, “It won’t care about you!”

She grew tired of his incessant persistence to be responsible for her child. He was giving her a false sense that he was growing desperate, but she knew him to feel nothing but pleasure for himself.

Matthias appeared to be thinking deeply.

“You must love it a lot, then.” He surmised after a moment, eyes looking at her abdomen, before raising them back up to meet her glare. His lips then split into a smile, before he burst into low chuckles.

“A cruel man, and a woman who loves his child.” He kept chuckling as the words slipped out his mouth.

Leyla squirmed minutely farther from him.

And then he sighed, the laughter dying down, and his eyes unnervingly blank.

“So amusing.” He murmured.

“Have you turned crazy?” Leyla asked with a scoff, and he shrugged nonchalantly.

“Why not?” he asked her with a serene smile. Unbridled joy was shown on his face, which made Leyla grit her teeth tighter in anticipation at his next actions against her.

Did it really not matter?

Was there really no escape from this man and his power?

“Do you think this is all I’ve come for here?”

The sudden question from him threw her back. What was he going on about now?

“This, seeing you like this…” he continued, a faraway look in his eyes, “It really tickles me happy to see it! It’s like I’ve grown vulnerable around you!”

He praised so melodramatically, making Leyla take a couple more steps away from him.

“Wh-what are you on-”

“Hate me all you want! Insult me, Leyla!” He dared her, his grin turning manic, before he held out his hands in a motion to grab her…

But didn’t lunge at her to do so.

“But you’re mine, Leyla.”

“No, I’m not.” Leyla denied.


“Oh but you are!” Matthias insisted, “It’s what’s happening right now after all,” he grinned at her, before his eyes dropped down to her stomach, “Because I’m going to have that kid of yours.”

A gentle wave came over him, and he was back to his own bubble of serene happiness.

Leyla could hardly believe her ears. There was no way she’d continue to listen to such a madman! And now he was smiling like a child about to be given his present!

His eyes went back up to meet hers, and she flinched back.

“I decided not to kill you, Leyla.” He told her with a smile, “So I will let you go, and you can run wherever you want to. I won’t stop or find you again.”

Leyla frowned, feeling a cold dread settle in her bones once again.

“But you’ll need to leave your child behind, before I’ll give you your freedom.”

Matthias had finally given her his stipulation, and Leyla began to frantically shake her head, unwilling to give in to his conditions!

“No! No!” She screamed, “Let me go! Let me go! You won’t take it from me!”

With every scream, Leyla grew frantic, she threw her hands up flailing and hitting whatever she could grab her hands on towards him. At one point she found herself pressed up against him, and she doubled her efforts.

She kicked, and screamed and scratched at his shoulders, arms, and whatever part of his pressed up against her…

But Matthias had a clear hold on her, and she couldn’t break free.

“Shh, calm down Leyla, shh,” he kept muttering softly, arms caging her against his chest as she flailed and wailed. “Think of our child, you don’t want any harm to come to it, don’t you?”

Eventually the struggling in his arms died down, and silent sobbing could be heard. Satisfied enough that she’d been weakened after her tantrum, Matthias finally allowed himself to pull away, before cupping a hand onto her wet cheeks.

He repositioned themselves into a hug, Leyla leaning limply in his arms and rocking them both back and forth in a slow dance. His hands drew lower, finally able to rest his palm against the swell of her stomach.

Leyla hiccuped, and began to sag against him. She’d grown exhausted.

He looked down at her red-rimmed eyes and flushed face and smiled affectionately on her while soothingly rubbing her belly. He hadn’t smiled as wide as this since she disappeared from him last spring.

They still fit perfectly against each other, just as he expected them to be.

He gently steered her towards the bed, tucking her in all nice and cozy. His hand still caressing her belly in soothing motions.

He’ll have Leyla, one way or another.

Even if she’d never forgive him. He will have her.

As soon as her head hit the soft pillow, Leyla found an odd sense of comfort and relief, her breath eventually evening out. She licked her dry lips, as big drops of tears rolled seamlessly down her cheeks from her eyes endlessly.

Matthias plucked out her glasses gently, setting them aside on the table, before returning.

He hovered above her, planting sweet, gentle kisses on her wet eyelids.

She squeezed her eyes shut tighter, feeling as though her tears were being consumed by a monster.

‘I’ve truly gone crazy,’ Matthias thought to himself as he licked off Leyla’s tears from his lips and smiled down on her.

Her tears still tasted like heaven.


Chapter 131




Road to Salvation




Matthias woke up early in the morning when dawn had not yet risen.

The first thing that came into his mind, as soon as his eyes were familiar with the darkness, was the empty seat next to him. It had been the place where Leyla, who was tired of crying, fell asleep. The place he last saw her in.

Now, only darkness filled the spot.

The moment he realized this, Matthias shot up immediately to his feet. He first went to the closest room. Its door was firmly locked. Other than this one, the other place she could have gone through was the door that led outside to the hallway…

His eyes quickly darted to the window in the room, immediately brushing off the thought of her jumping out the window.

Still, the thought unsettled him greatly, and Matthias moved to quickly take note of what was outside the window. Dust still settled firmly on its surface, nothing was out of place.

The window was still sealed shut, but the unsettledness remained persistent. Matthias could feel his heart beating against his ribcage in anxiety the longer he couldn’t find Leyla…

At an ominous thought, Matthias rushed to the window. He confirmed that all the windows were closed well, but the anxiety did not go away easily. He quickly whirled around to continue his search, when everything settled back down…

Matthias sighed in relief at the sight of her, even though it was a place he least expected her to sleep in.

There she was, huddled up and curled in on herself and their baby, sleeping soundly. He frowned at the flimsy blanket she chose to wrap around her, before chuckling in amusement. Her cries still rang loudly in the back of his mind.

She’d accused his hands of being dirty. Commanding him not to touch her.

Leyla was crouching down on the sofa and sleeping. When he saw her crouching on a thin sheet of cloth, he could not help but laugh out loud.


He still remembered the way she smiled so beautifully in front of the man she accused of being so cruel; she couldn’t bear to even be in the same room with him. And yet it was she who came to him sweetly. She, who had whispered her love to him unwaveringly.

It was funny how far she had to go through for a man she hated so much.

There was a pensive expression on his face, indifferent to any outsiders who would see him at this moment. He’d known it for a long time, even as it had been happening, he’d like to think. That didn’t stop him from finally accepting a fact he’d long turned a blind eye to.

How much of what she said was a lie?

How much of what she said had been true?

Matthias now knew the answer to the question that had continued since the spring when Leyla disappeared.

Everything was a lie.

He wanted to stop loving her. But even with the time away, the emotions that still didn’t fade made Matthias even more heartless.

Matthias carefully approached her, taking great care and gentleness before carting her off gently to lie on the bed. Fortunately, Leyla didn’t wake up, though she tossed and turned before curling up as though to make her appear small. With her in his arms, he could still tell that the woman was too light, especially with a child on her belly.

His hand slowly drifted off of her, reaching out to spread the blanket over to her collar, and wrap it snuggly around her petite body. His motions remained slow and cautious, careful not to rouse her.

Opting out of sleeping next to her again, Matthias pulled a chair instead and sat next to the bed, observing her quietly.

Leyla’s face, who fell asleep quietly, was gentle and clear. Come to think of it, she was a woman who had consistently shown this face to everyone other than him.

A bright, brave, sweet lady. That was Leyla Lewellin, whom everyone knew.

Perhaps, he was the only one in the world who was more familiar with tears than this woman’s laughter.

But there’s a baby too.

It was amusing how much he was clinging on to by using the baby, but he couldn’t let go. He couldn’t help but continue to cling to her, with the baby she was growing.

He didn’t understand it at all. Why in the world would Leyla, who hated him so much, would fight so hard to keep their child with her at the same time?

But matter, the baby was now his only hope.

Leyla was a woman who would never die or run away from her beloved child. So, as long as the child was tied to his side, Leyla would naturally be his.

The most perfect shackle and cage he could ever hope to find!

The child was an unexpected variable he hadn’t anticipated, but it was all that he could see. The child was his means to keep Leyla with him, everything else felt so foreign and strange to him.

Aside from the occasional fleeting sensation of regret.

Yes, regret.

If he had gotten her pregnant earlier, perhaps he’d never had to find Leyla in the first place. She would never have been lost to him.

Matthias smiled like a child holding a candy when the anxiety in his blank face disappeared. His heart remained calm and settled with everything he wanted back in his possession.

Until he started and entered Sienna, he prayed for Leyla to be safe at every moment. That’s how he can kill her. Of course, it was not because of hatred or resentment.

Love.

There was always only one reason why he wanted to kill Leyla.

If there was no way to get her back, and yet his love remained persistent and longing for her…

He’d kill her instead.

It was like a fire that would not stop even after swallowing life. He had to kill her, so he could end it only if there was a clear fact that he killed her with his own hands. So Leyla had to be alive. She shouldn’t have died recklessly, and been stolen from him yet again!

He loved her more day by day. And he wanted to kill this woman as much as that love.

He grew desperate.

Just as he was now.

But the moment he had come face to face with Leyla on that beautiful beach, Matthias also knew.

That he could never kill this woman.

He wanted to kill her, he knew he had to kill her…

but he couldn’t.

And in that moment of despair and joy, he saw the child in her womb.

And it was his salvation.

Had he killed her there and then, he would never have lost her again. But with the miracle of a child…

It opened up a new path for Matthias to keep her with him.

So there was no longer the urgency to kill her, no, there was no longer a need for it. So long as the child existed, so long as he would claim the child his, Leyla would be his willing forevermore.

Matthias slowly reached out and wrapped a hand around Leyla’s face. Leyla gently nuzzled her cheek against his warm palm, as if sucking in his body temperature. Like those enchanting false moments that broke his heart.

Trying to suppress the urge to grab the face with all his might and drag it in, Matthias stroked her pale, tear-streaked cheeks instead.

He’ll be hated forever, he knew, but it didn’t phase him.

He could take not being forgiven for what he’d done. He could take all the insults and degradation if it meant he could get his Leyla back. It could be anything. No matter what pain this choice causes, it can’t be more miserable than the days when he was left alone without Leyla.

In the light of dawn, Matthias looked at Leyla for a long time. From some point on, weak hope filled up.

Leyla will be given the Duchess’ seat. The child would naturally be his successor, and he would enjoy all the power and glory of Herhardt.

It would be all that he wanted.

There were also countless things he could give to Leyla and his child in compensation. It didn’t matter how long he had to do so. He was optimistic. One day, there may soon be a day when Leyla’s mind turns around and accepts him inevitably.

Even if it took a very long time, Matthias could endure as much as he wanted.

When the morning was bright, Matthias slowly bowed down and kissed Leyla’s cheek, who fell asleep.

“I love you,” he whispered on deaf ears.

‘I’m so happy to have you again without killing you, Leyla.’

Matthias’ answer to a woman who despised and hated her quietly permeated into the transparent sunlight.





Breakfast continued in silence.

The sound of the cutlery and the plate ringing regularly, and there was no conversation between the two sitting face to face. Leyla kept swallowing food with a firm face, and Matthias was all about watching Leyla like he was having fun.

“Stubborn Leyla Lewellin has changed her mind not to starve her friend. What a tearful friendship.” Matthias teased her light-heartedly as he watched her eventually empty the plate of breakfast brought to them.

Trying to suppress the urge to hurl the contents of her stomach, Leyla quietly drank the water instead.

She had no more fight left to give to the Duke.

As long as she didn’t die, there seemed to be no way out of that crazy man. No. It was now difficult to be sure whether she could escape him even in death.

She thought he had no more power over her, and yet was proven wrong, time and time again.

If it wasn’t Uncle Bill he was dangling over her head, then it was Kyle he’d use instead. And if Kyle wasn’t enough…

He had no qualms in using his child to bind Leyla. She didn’t want to dwell anymore about what his reasoning was.

Twisted desire. Obsession. Or love. Anything, none of that mattered to her anymore.

She would still be Leyla Lewellin, nothing more than a proper possession that he grabbed and used relentlessly at his will.

“I ate it! In front of your eyes, all my share!” Leyla, who put down the cutlery, spat out coldly. Matthias readily nodded as if he accepted.

“Yes. Thanks to you, Kyle Etman won’t be hungry today.” He hummed, smirking over at her. She gritted her teeth in frustration at him.

“Are you satisfied now?!”

“It’s enough.” He chuckled light-heartedly as he told her. It was a pure, unabashed smile. Any other time it would have been refreshing to see.

But not at this moment.

And not for what he was doing to her.


“Let me go! I want to go home. But I know better than anyone else that I can’t run away anyway.” She knew it was no use, but that’s all Leyla could say.

“You have to get used to this place, Leyla.”

“How can you get used to this prison”?

“You should.” Matthias, who stared at her as if seeing a child whining immaturely, briefly clicked his tongue at her, tutting in a chiding manner. “You could live like this for the rest of your life. Don’t you think it’s better to get used to it?”

“Don’t say nonsense!”

“If you don’t like it, run away again.” He dared her, shrugging nonchalantly at the suggestion of her running away, “I told you I’d let you go without killing you. As long as you give me that child.” Matthias tilted his head obliquely, sitting with his legs crossed. The gaze on her pregnant belly made cold dread run over Leyla.

“Are you truly going to take the baby away from me?” She asked softly, eyes dropping down to look at the bump in her stomach.

“Isn’t the expression ‘taking away’ too much? It’s my child.” Matthias pointed out to her. And Leyla’s fists clenched on her lap.

“…How can you be so sure that it’s your child?” Leyla wrapped her arms around her stomach as if she worried the child would hear. Even if it was of little use, she didn’t want her child to hear the terrible things he would say.

“It’s so presumptuous of you to believe that you’re the only man in my life.” Leyla continued to challenge him.

“So, do you want to lie again that it’s not my child?” Matthias hummed thoughtfully to her.

“There were a lot of guys besides you.” The more serious Leyla’s expression became, the lighter Matthias’ laughter became.

“Oh?”

“Yes. I deceived you. You know that. I’m good at lying to you. I’m good at pretending to love someone like Duke Herhardt, so why would it have been so hard to hide another man?”

Even though she was trembling, Leyla continued to say amusing things in Matthias’ ears. He watched Leyla with narrowed eyes, and one corner of his mouth quirking up as he listened to her theories of having many men on the side.

But he couldn’t hide the ice-cold cruelty in his eyes that once helped his light disposition. It rivaled even the frozen Schulther River in the middle of winter.


“So, whose child do you claim it to be? Kyle Etman?” He casually played with his pistol as he said so, “Then perhaps it is time to make true to my promise and shoot a bullet through his head after all.”

“Ky-, don’t get him involved in this!” Leyla protested immediately at the threat.

“If the father isn’t Etman, do you have any other names for a guy you know?”

“I’m never going to tell you because I know everything you’re going to do.” She seethed at him, “But what’s funny is how you believe that this is your child, who’s been tricked and voluntarily deceived by me.”

I’m sorry, baby.

Leyla kept praying and praying and continuing her spiteful words. But this was the last hope. He wouldn’t be obsessed with a child who’s not his blood. But Matthias soon recovered his wistful expression. The giggling laughter felt joy rather than anger.

“Yes. If that trivial lie comforts you, I’ll be happy to respect you, Leyla.” He hummed at her, his joyful disposition returning.

“If you want to believe it’s a lie, yes, I’ll respect the Duke’s insignificant pride.” Leyla spat back, unwilling to lose in the verbal back and forth between them.

She was so scared that her teeth were about to bump, but she didn’t want to let the child be taken by the shameless and cruel man sitting in front of her.

It was also impossible to take away the child like this.

“Lelya.”

Whispering his name as if he were giving a friendly confession, he slowly raised himself. His shadow, which approached, soon covered Leyla and the child.


Chapter 132







The Only Way







She watched him with great trepidation as he began to approach her and the child in her belly. There was something malicious in his eyes with the way he was now looking at her.

“You misunderstand something,” Matthias hummed as he stepped closer, and closer to her, “I don’t care if it’s the child of another man,” he told her softly, reaching out with a lone hand before he gripped Leyla’s chin.

Leyla struggled to get out of his grip, but eventually, he easily overpowered her. After shaking her head out of his grip, she eventually stopped before she relaxed, feeling her chin being pulled up to make eye contact.

“Whoever the father is, as long as it’s in your stomach, and it’s clear that you’re the mother of the child it’s enough.” He informed her plainly, “So long as you love that kid. That’s enough.”

Matthias’ eyes on her were soft and happy as he finished explaining to her. Before a new glint emerged in his eye…

“And Leyla, if the baby is not my child at all, shouldn’t you stay by its side even more?” He pushed,

goading her even more about the child’s wellbeing. “Just think about what I can do to it the very second you run away after having another man’s child.”

Leyla gritted her teeth, letting out a suppressed growl. The sounds she made, made it seem like he was strangling her, but his grip on her chin was unobstructed.

Matthias began stroking Leyla’s head once more with the other hand. Then, he resumed petting her, treating her like some sort of domestic animal.

“If it’s truly someone else’s baby, a little unsavory for me,” Matthias hummed softly, before breaking out into a smile towards her, “But no matter, I’m resolved to be the father of all and any children you’ll ever have, so worry not about having a fatherless child.”

“I refuse!”


“Has your memory gone bad, Leyla?” Matthias tutted in disappointment at her, his grip on her chin tightening for just a fraction of a second, “I told you, you will live like this forever.”

Matthias lowered himself to match Leyla’s gaze, and her mind flashed back to the sight of him she had witnessed before.

At the moment she saw the snow, Leyla understood what he had said, that the old Matthias von Herhardt was dead.

There was no longer the man who looked at her with the same gaze as the evening of a spring day last seen in Arvis. This man in front of her was now just a completely unfamiliar, and unhinged lunatic.

“Listen carefully, Leyla.” He murmured, kissing her forehead lightly before whispering in her ear, as though to soothe a whining child. Leyla glared at him indifferently, her clammy hands clasped together in an ironclad grip.

Her whole body began to tremble.

“You will be by my side, give birth to my child, and live as my woman. That’s your life.” He dipped down, planting a soft kiss on her pale cheeks this time.

“So you have to learn to live with me, if not for the sake of the child in your stomach,” Matthias straightened up and looked down at her, “After all, who would be foolish enough to support you and say it’s not my child? Don’t you, agree?”

Satisfied with her momentary silence and compliance, Matthias swiftly turned on his heels before vacating the room, leaving Leyla alone as he shut the door behind him, making sure to put the locks back in place.

She got up and felt the cool surface of the door beneath her palms before stepping back from the closed door. Then, in a fit of rage and frustration, she grabbed the candlestick on their dining table and began hacking away at the door.

She didn’t know how long she did so, but in the end, she was exhausted.

Ragged breaths began to escape her as soon as she was alone, staring idly at the closed door in front of her. There were ugly marks on the door stamped on the candlestick, but it was not enough to break the tightly locked door.

After all, she made those marks.

After looking at the door for a long time doing nothing but heave and despair, she swiftly turned around, absolutely tired. Every day, it was like something deep within her was breaking…

When she put down the candlestick, she buried herself deep in the chair before sighing long and hard. The child, who was steadily growing in her belly, finally began to move. She felt its fluttering kicks and rubbed a gentle hand over her growing bump.


“It’s nothing.” She soothed, patting her belly, as though to make it go back to sleep, “It’s okay.” Her voice was light and bright when talking to it, as she stared blankly into the empty room in front of her. With every stroke she made, she felt as though her child was reaching out in return.

She was used to it by now, but the first day she felt her child moving gave her such a shock and scare. She was sent into a quick tizzy, all scared and clueless about what to do, but as time passed, she learned a simple touch to her stomach would settle it down, with a few return soft taps for her.

It was that moment when the fact she was to be a mother finally sunk deep within her.

It was so amazing, that her heart was overwhelmed with happiness. Of course, it was also a little sad she couldn’t tell anyone how she felt, but she figured it was okay.

Because at least she had a baby now. She had everything she ever needed with a baby with her.

She’d never be alone again.

Thinking back, when Leyla was in a good mood, the child in her belly also seemed to dance joyfully for her.

In return, when she became depressed, she could barely feel the baby in her move even a fraction of an inch. Leyla found herself falling more and more in love with the child who understood her perfectly.

It had nothing to do with Matthias.

Soon the child calmed down again, and Leyla tied her tangled hair tightly. She wiped off her escaped tears before she went to fix her glasses as best as she could.

No matter how desperate the situation was, she was now a mother. A mother who is the only family this child will ever have in this world.

Leyla stood up to go and change, she also ate a little lunch that the soldier from before had left behind for her to eat as well. As the days went by, she found that most of her stuff at home was steadily moved to this room.

The Duke was more and more likely not planning to ever let her regain her freedom.

She needed to think. She needed to be calm.

Leyla carefully looked into the room, trying to find something to comfort herself. She even shouted for help, begged the soldiers she heard passing by to let her go, and even tried to break the door in vain.

But no help came.

No freedom or an opportunity to be free presented itself to her. Not even the soldier who kept bringing her few meals to eat when the Duke wasn’t around.

It was getting harder and harder for her to deny her absolute truth.


She knew there was no way out unless the Duke changed his mind, but she didn’t want to give up like this. She can’t live like this forever. She had to protect the child from the man.

But how?

The sound of the lock opening came as the growing anxiety became tears. Something in her broke with every sound of the lock being opened. Leyla reflexively stopped her fretting, before she hurriedly went to bed to lay down and bury herself in the covers to hide from him.

The chain was lifted while she pretended to be asleep, closed her eyes, and relaxed her breathing.

Leyla lay on the side and crouched down and grabbed her pillowcase. Soon after, the door opened and a movement began to come across the room.

Leyla could tell just by the sound of footsteps that the Duke was back.

Leyla focused only on pretending to be asleep. It started because she didn’t want to see the man, but at some point, fear eventually made its way into the back of her mind bit by bit.

She had grown more afraid of Matthias.

It was really like that now. But, oddly enough, Leyla had learned from this fear instead. Then again, Duke Herhardt had always been a fearful being, but he had never been such a perfectly cold and heartless man back in Arvis. She hadn’t expected it until she saw the current Duke.

He had changed.

Immensely so.

She seemed to have broken a part of that man’s heart during her escape. But, if that was true, did it mean that her wish came true?

She remembered when she prayed earnestly that she could be the pain of that man. It would be so unfair to be forgotten as nothing as soon as she was gone, so she wanted to leave him at least a scar.

Or at least break his heart like the way he kept doing to her.

But… she didn’t want him to become like this.

Leyla bit her lips because she thought she was going to burst into tears. She heard the sound of the Duke putting down his military uniform coat and jacket at the end of the bed. Subsequently, the sound of moving a few steps was heard, and the bed shook at the end of the sound.

Leyla held back the scream that was about to burst and tightened her pillowcase. Meanwhile, Matthias lay down behind her back. And slowly pulled Leyla deep into his arms and hugged her snuggly on his chest.


Startled by being so blatantly manhandled in her sleep, she almost struggled, but Leyla endured it well. Fortunately, the Duke seemed to have no intention of violating more of her, hence she deemed it better to endure now. She tried to ignore the way her shoulders relaxed as he hugged her.

She just didn’t want to encourage him more after all. That’s all. She didn’t want him to hurt her or be crueler if he knew she was only acting asleep this entire time.

Leyla only prayed for the passage of time. Or she hoped she could fall asleep like this. But none of the wishes came true.

Time went by slowly and the more her senses remained vigilant to every breath he took. She could feel him so vividly against her skin, that it was hard to fall asleep with him beside her.

Her hair moving like a brush of a feather when Matthias gave her a light kiss at the nape of her neck and then he moved to kiss her earlobes, forehead, and even her cheeks.

His hand was also moving, rubbing and caressing her by the neck, shoulders, and even her waist. It was a slow and soft sensation running through her body, making things warm all around her the more he touched her in her faux sleep.

She was scared and sad.

While Leyla was in a state of confusion about how soothing the strange feeling gave, Matthias’ breathing gradually slowed down. The touch and lips that touched her also gradually stilled, before finally stopping.

This Duke, she remembered so well. It was reminiscent of their nights together back in Arvis.

A silent sigh of relief flowed through Leyla’s lips, noticing that the Duke had finally fallen asleep. However, Leyla stayed in his arms anyway because she was not confident about looking back. His arms were as cozy as before, making her feel all fuzzy and treasured…

It was confusing to her and made her feel even more miserable.

It was not until late afternoon when Leyla began to see the red and orange hues of the sun seeping through the window that she could barely keep herself awake and aware of him.

Matthias was already fast asleep, no doubt with a peaceful face.

This was the memory she wanted to impart to her child about their father. It had still been so ingrained in her mind, that she found herself unwilling to not pass the memory down.

She wanted to give her child all the good points about their father, and leave out all the terrible things he truly was.

She didn’t want to give her child any hurt by telling them the truth about their father.

‘Your father died when you were in your mother’s stomach. But he loved us a lot.’

It was a lie she would readily tell her child if asked about him.

And then she would tell him the more beautiful parts about him, like his blue eyes, his princely smile, and the soft voice he would use on the gentle nights.

It’s terrible that she had to fish out good parts about her terrible nights with him, but it was all she had.

Those nights when he forced her to be with him were both endearing and frightening to her.

But not anymore.

Leyla clenched her teeth and tried to escape from his arms.

She knew she couldn’t run away from him. Not anymore.

Even if she somehow managed to escape out of this room, she may be caught by soldiers even before stepping foot outside of the hotel. And even if she was lucky enough to get out of the hotel, the city was still largely occupied by soldiers who would follow Matthias’ orders without question.

She’ll still end up in his grasp, more miserable than the last time she was with him.

But a small voice in her was still insisting on finding a way.

But what way was left for her than to just accept she’ll always end up with him?

It was at the very moment when Leyla hardened her mind that she found weak hope. Clothes that the Duke took off…

Maybe there’s a key in it!

When her thoughts reached that point, Leyla hurriedly left the bed they were sharing. And just as she reached for the Duke’s coat, something caught her attention in the corner of her eye.

It was a colorful paper box lying on a bed bench.

It wasn’t in this room previously, so it was something he’d just brought in with him. Curiosity got the best of her and wondered if he brought it for her.

Nimble fingers pried the top carefully, to unveil what had been hidden beneath. Once she saw its contents, she felt her hands shake at the sight of it.

She shouldn’t have gotten derailed.

It was a cake. A pretty cake with light pink cream on it.


Her eyes shifted between the cake in her hand and the sleeping Matthias in a frenzy, her mind battling with the sanity and fear mixing up within her mind. Her breathing soon became ragged, as she felt her growing erratic heartbeat.

“Ah!” Leyla yelped as she hurriedly stepped away.

Unfortunately, she still held onto the cake, before it fell all over Leyla’s clothes. With shaky hands, she futilely tried to clean herself up, but it only served to smear more of the sweet-smelling cake all over her. When she came to her senses, she realized that it was not only her hair and clothes now messed up, but also her hands and shoes were stained with cake.

Leyla, who shook her head small, hurriedly rubbed her hands at the skirt furiously trying to erase any evidence of her mess. Once her hands were clean enough, she then began to search the pockets of Matthias’ military uniform jacket and coat.

Even if it was a futile effort, this was better for her. She’ll take getting out of this room even for a moment, even if she’ll end up back with Matthias in the end…

“Leyla~”

A friendly called out to her, and that’s when she froze.

She’d just searched the last of his pockets.

There was no key in sight.

She lifted her frightened eyes and saw Matthias now sitting up on the bed.

He then leaned against the cushion against the headboard. He narrowed his eyes for a moment, but he soon regained smiled amusedly at her. His hands moved to the pocket in the pants he was currently wearing, and then slowly, he took the key out and dangled it enticingly at her.

“Is this it?” Matthias asked her, laugh lines in his eyes, before hardening into a predator as he stared longer towards her, “Is this what you were looking for?”

‘This is it,’ Leyla thought, ‘He’ll kill me now.’

Trapped by the overwhelming fear, Leyla reflexively picked up the pistol under the coat. Not until she had already pointed the gun at him did she realise what she had grabbed in fright.

She felt like she was going to burst into tears at the touch of the cold, hard iron; this was it!

There was no more turning back!

Tears ran freely down her cheeks as she pointed the gun at him.

“Ah, do you like it? My eye for weapons has improved a lot. You could kill someone with that.” Matthias’ voice was as sweet as praising a child for doing good, though equally challenging.

He was unphased even as she pointed a gun at him, still dangling the key in front of her.

“Key! Give me that key!” Leyla demanded, taking a few steps closer to him, emboldened with the gun in her hand.

Instead of looking at her in fear as she expected, Matthias only settled further into cushions, as though relaxing even as she threatened his life. It made Leyla’s hand with the gun shake at the sight of his indifference.

She eyed the key in his hand desperately.

“I can open it up for you.” He offered nonchalantly.

“No, give me the key!” Leyla shrieked at him as she demanded he hands it over to her. However, Matthias only looked at her with an expression as if she were still a spectator of an interesting play.

“Then take off the safety, Leyla,” Matthias advised her, and her hand shook all the more.

“Does this seem like a joke to you?!” She exclaimed, tears running down her face as she pointed a shaky gun in his direction, “If you don’t give me the key, then I’m going to shoot!”

“So shoot!” Matthias encouraged her, making Leyla jump at his insistence. He smirked at her sudden silence.

Leyla only wanted to escape from him, but even her threats to his life seemed useless.

“Kill me.” Matthias urged her, tossing the key in the air and grabbing it again. He was playing with it, juggling the key in one hand as he grinned challengingly up at her.

His last toss made him grip the key hard enough, it made her wince.

“Because at this point, that’s the only way you can escape from me.” He finished menacingly as he looked her in the eye.


Chapter 133




Scary and Sad Dream




Matthias leaned back and closed his eyes as soon as he finished. He remained unmoved even in the face of death at Leyla’s hands.

She trailed the gun at him shakily still, swallowing down the bile at the thought of having to kill him.

She’d never fired a gun before, despite the fact she’d watched countless huntings in Arvis.

He always made killing look so elegant despite her knowing it was a brutal sport.

So really, he should have seen this coming.

Just a bullet. All she needed was to shoot him once, and she’d be free!

Leyla’s finger was now on the trigger. Her hand was shaking so much, but she needed to be firm with this! She was just standing still and aiming at the gun, but she was very out of breath, almost as if she had been running a very long distance.

The tears just kept coming, and she didn’t know what for!

She didn’t know.

Her head was screaming at her to do it!

But her whole body refused to do so.

What was so wrong with what she was about to do anyway!? It’s what that scary, cruel, and friendly maniac wants too! He’s encouraging her to pull the trigger, too. Now if she were to do that, she didn’t know what would happen next to herself and her child.

She’d forever be clueless on what to do or how to do anything! She couldn’t survive on her own!

She couldn’t do this on her own!

Leyla let out a loud cry of frustration, sobbing openly as she dropped to her knees.

Languidly, Matthias opened his eyes, landing on Leyla’s crumpled up and desperate form on the floor.

She looked so adorable, all covered up in cake and cream, while her hands lay limp with the gun she had been threatening him with.

So pitiful, so ferocious, and oh, so beautiful.

While Matthias looked at her quietly, Leyla’s sobbing grew even louder and more desperate. Her grip on the gun tightened up before she pointed it at him again.

A smile made its way to his lips with how stubborn she was being. He eventually moved to finally stand up, to which Leyla tried to do the same thing as well, but only lost balance and further stumbled back down on the floor.

Overpowering her always came so easy to him. From the start, her efforts had remained futile against him.

He was finally in front of her in a few short strides before yanking the gun out of her limp arms. She yelped and sobbed in protest, but he grabbed her by the arm, pulling her up to her feet to drag her.

Before she knew it, Leyla fell onto the bed.

With the gun finally off her hands, Matthias hovered above her prone form on top of the bed. Leyla was still too preoccupied with heaving and sobbing as she lay down limply on the bed, feeling so hopeless about her life.

“I told you to kill me,” Matthias muttered calmly, before he flicked the safety of the gun off, just as he advised her to do before. He then looked down at her limp expression, the sobs still escaping from time to time. “If you can’t do it, I have to do it, Leyla.”

A clinking metallic sound penetrated echoed through the silent room, and Leyla’s sobs intensified, borderline hysterical now. She blinked back tears that kept blurring her line of sight, eventually managing to look up at him with tear-filled eyes.

The gun was now trailed on her forehead instead.

“Do you want me to spare you?” Matthias crooned softly at her as she blinked back tears at him.

She stared at him with a dazed expression, his tone of voice soothing and merciful in her ears. She nodded at him.

Everything felt surreal to her, almost like she was in a dream. There was a fog in her brain, convincing herself none of this must be real.

This was all just a nightmare that could be turned into a dream…

“Then you should be nice,” Matthias crooned at her, bending down to be closer to her.

He looked at her in such a caring way, she couldn’t help but be so receptive to him, nodding in agreement with his condition to her.

She couldn’t say no to him, not when he looked at her so tenderly…

So caringly…

She lost track of how long they stayed like that, but eventually, she heard him laugh. A couple of seconds later, there was a dull thump in the room as something fell to the floor. It wasn’t until she turned her head to see what made the noise, that she saw it was the gun that Matthias had been pointing at her head.

He’d spared her, and thrown the gun away. Its dull silver faintly reflected the bleeding red of the setting sun outside the window.

Tears fell from her eyes once more in streams, wetting the sheets of which she laid in, as the relief began to spread in her body, while the energy gradually drained from her.

A sweet whisper from Matthias broke through the relief in her foggy mind.

“How unsavory it is.” He hummed, referring to the discarded gun, while simultaneously stroking her head lovingly with that sweet, velvety voice in her ears…

“It’s okay, Leyla.” he whispered to her, calloused hands slowly turning her to face him once again, “I’ll make sure to wipe anything dirty clean just for you.”

Her consciousness blanked out before Leyla could witness anything more from him. It was all she could remember once the world faded to black around her.

When she regained consciousness, Leyla found herself sitting in a bathtub filled with warm water.

Groggily she looked around, before seeing Matthias’ face through the wispy steam.

He looked as calm as she last saw him.

“Is it too hot?” He asked as soon as their eyes met. Leyla meekly shook her head in response to him.

She remembered not fainting but couldn’t remember how she got here either.

‘No.’ She immediately corrected herself. There was a faint memory in the back of her mind, but it didn’t seem like it had been real.

Standing up alone from the bed, Matthias went straight to the bathroom. As the sun continued to set outside, she remembered listening to the sounds of water flowing from the bath and the rhythmic thumps of his steps.

Throughout that time, Leyla remained motionless and looked up at the ceiling instead, all fight lost within her, resigning unconsciously under Matthias’ control.

And then he returned by her side.


He patted her head as if praising a good child, before expertly taking off her dirtied clothes at a sensual pace. He’d been in no hurry undressing her, his touch lingering more than he should have in certain places. It was a terrible feeling, but Leyla didn’t refute his touches, just letting them happen.

At some point, the shame she felt eventually faded. Although she hated everything, she just wanted to give him everything he wanted from her so that he may leave her alone.

All those moments felt like a very distant world, a world she thought to be perfect it could only be impossible. But it had all been real. Sitting before the Duke, naked and bare in front of him, she couldn’t muster up a single emotion.

“Eyes,” Matthias whispered at her, and immediately she understood the meaning of the word after brief thought.

When she closed her eyes like a gentle child, Matthias’ hands caressed her face. For a man who would never have taken care of a dog in his life, she expected him to be clumsy, but he washed Leyla quite leisurely and efficiently.

Leyla stared ahead blankly, hunched minutely at his ministrations as his hands moved below her shoulders. Her two arms surrounding the knee were clenched tightly in one another, as the life and focus gradually returned to her eyes. The sound of pouring water stopped, and the two looked at each other quietly.

“Be nice, Leyla.” Matthias reminded her sharply before he gathered Leyla’s wet hair, which was covering her shoulders and chest and handed it over to her back. Leyla trembled quietly as she began to feel cold.

“You promised, didn’t you?” Mathias continued and kept drawing Leyla’s gaze back to him again and again.

He was addicted to any attention she would give him. He craved it desperately.

Leyla, who had been smacking her lips several times now, soon lowered her arms which had been covering her chest away from him. It was almost as if she was finally giving up control to him a second time that day.

It was enticing.

There was no significant change in Matthias’ expression as his eyes continued to rake all over her bare form. His observant gaze was looking at the obvious changes on her body, specifically her skinny shoulders.

A faint hint of embarrassment and satisfaction came to her mind, but eventually faded back into nothingness.

“I’ll buy you that cake again tomorrow.” He said as he drew Leyla’s wandering gaze back to him once more.

Leyla looked at him with a frown of confusion.

The current situation she was in, and the promise to her were so strange and funny to her. All the same though, he seemed like a person who could do anything he wanted to do.

It was his only personality.

“I don’t need it,” Leyla murmured tiredly in response. All she could feel was a sickening sensation in her and pure exhaustion from everything that had happened by far from just this day alone.

It was almost like she was in the middle of another war. One that would only begin again with every new dawn that comes. like another war, would be repeated tomorrow.

“No.” Matthias refused, he was quite adamant in his refusal. It seemed like even her opinions mattered not to him either. “You like it.” He declared confidently and sternly. Leyla chuckled humorlessly.

“And what do I like and dislike?” She asked him rhetorically, “Do my preferences even mean anything to you?”

Leyla put her knees up again and wrapped her arms around them. She further hunched in on herself into the bathtub. That way, in the end, it would still feel like she was denying him something.

Matthias smiled languidly instead of answering her.

Somehow it only served to unnerve her some more. Making her feel so stifled with how friendly his smile continued to appear. It was then that the wound on his arm across the bathtub caught her eye.

Leyla examined the wound, which appeared to be exposed under the sleeve of his rolled-up shirt with her squinted eyes. It was a scar, presumably made not too long ago. It suddenly sunk in her that this man was an officer in the army. One who was capable of taking over the city through a fierce front.

Realizing what Leyla was looking at, Matthias began to pull down his shirt sleeve with a softened smile, but Leyla stopped him by grabbing his arm tightly.

“It must have hurt a lot.” Leyla wondered softly, fingers softly caressing his scar like a doctor who was examining it carefully.

It made Matthias laugh wonderfully at her softness.

“What an odd thing to worry about, when not even a moment ago you trailed a gun my way.” He pointed out in great amusement to her, making her snap her lips shut from her awe at hearing him laugh so purely with her.

“It didn’t hurt.” He relented not a moment too soon, and Leyla’s brows scrunched up, almost as though she was pouting at his words.

“Lie.” she protested weakly

“It’s the truth.”

Matthis soon removed Leyla’s grip on him and moved her hand back in the tub. As soon as their conversation stopped, the sound of pouring water filled the bathroom again as they settled into an agreed silence.

Leyla was looking down at the surface of the murky waters around her with red-rimmed eyes. She wished he would stop now, but Matthias washed Leyla as if he were a boy taking care of his precious toy. He had no qualms nor hesitation to touch her, even when his hands rubbed her swollen stomach.

It was like he was unbothered by the existence of the child in her stomach. Like he didn’t care one bit about it.

Did he come to believe that the baby was another man’s child?

Leyla held her breath with anxiety. The thought troubled her greatly. She had no doubt even her baby was nervous, as it was currently not moving or giving her any fluttering sensations.

Matthias continued to wipe and wash her body down with great ease. Even though he served her like a servant, she was under no illusion that he was still her master.

Befuddled, Leyla eventually closed her eyes, and she opted to just sit still and let his touch caress her body.

Despite that, she could feel her breathing gradually turning ragged.

Matthias wiped Leyla’s cleanly washed body dry and proceeded to dress her. He then dried her wet hair before laying her on a new sheet of the bed.

Leyla mostly had a blank face as he did all this for her.

Sometimes she looked at him with a keen eye, but soon after, she dropped her gaze or turned her head away from him. Other than that, she looked calm as if she had become a doll with no string in sight.

Matthias, who proceeded to dim the light in the room, eventually found A tie, and he went to grab it, before going back to Leyla.

She lay perfectly still and stared at him, blinking her eyes owlishly at him.

With a reassuring pat on the cheek, Matthias gently tied Leyla’s hands securely in a difficult knot, but not before wrapping her wrists around with a soft cloth. He didn’t want her to bruise if she struggled against her constraints.

“Sleep.” He commanded her, before bringing the other end of the rope to the bed’s pillar and began wounding it securely on the post. Matthias then came up beside her afterward, covering her body well with a warm blanket, tucking it snuggly around her.

He then left her alone.

Leyla found herself tossing and turning a few times before she soon calmed down again. She remained in the same position until he returned from the shower. Her eyes were drawn to him immediately, looking innocently clueless as if she didn’t know what was happening around her.

All bathed and dressed, Matthias released the knot on the post but did not release her, at least not fully. Instead, he tied a hard knot only on one of her wrists this time and tied his wrist at the other end of the rope.

Leyla just watched and did not resist again this time, and she still looked exhausted. Considering what happened today, it was understandable.

Turning off the lights, Matthias lay beside her, their bound hands resting right next to each other.

“Don’t go.” Matthias’ whispered in the darkness, his fingers twitching to reach out to her. “Stay with me.”

His tone was so soft, and endearing, that it made her eyes sting at the sound of it. But she would not utter a single response. Matthias grasped her hand, his grip tightening up gradually to keep her further with him.

“Good night, Leyla.” He bid her, kissing her forehead.

The act was too intimate, more than just friendly, and out of harmony with this battlefield between them.

Leyla found herself drifting to sleep as she rocked her gaze back and forth at her tied wrist and his serene face.

She found herself dreaming in a deep sleep.

It was equally a nightmare as it was sad.


Chapter 134




Untold Confession







The Major’s woman had changed. It was an observation the soldier-on-duty, who had been tasked to deliver her food every day, could see as plain as day.

When he would stop by to see her, she would usually, and immediately, beg for him to help her escape. Often too, she would ask after Kyle Etman, demanding to know his current condition…

But now, she would only sit in silence, not even reacting as he stopped by, and continue to stare out of the window with a blank expression.

There was no more resisting or starving, or even attempting to break the door anymore. The woman only ate what was given and would sit calmly in wait. She became obedient, and it made his work easier in the process.

He should be happy, but somehow it was hard for him to do so.

“I don’t know if I can keep doing this.” he fretted guiltily as he locked the door and turned to walk away. Things had gotten ansty as of late, it made him severely nervous. He could only go pale the longer he stood in the hallway after doing his duty, before returning to his barracks.

“I think the woman is a little weird…” he murmured absentmindedly, before halting to a thought. “Shouldn’t I say something to him?

“To whom?”

A sudden voice piped up from behind him, making him jump and turn around in haste, before sighing in relief. It was just another soldier.

“To the Major,” he aired nervously.

Though come to think of it, wouldn’t that be useless? He thought before sighing. Surely the Major knew how much his woman changed. After all, he’d been with her the most, he’d be the one most in tune with the condition of the woman he kept under lock and key.

Still, Major Herhardt’s current behavior looked like a person who just enjoyed every moment. He didn’t appear to be bothered by anything happening behind the locked door.


Additionally, it was getting more difficult to talk so callously about the situation. Lately, the Major had been more and more efficient and invigorated in his work. No one wanted to get in the way of his current productivity.

So unless he were to bring it up first, it was becoming an unwritten rule for everyone in the army to not mention even a pip about the Major’s woman.

“I mean she is carrying the Major’s child, or so they say,” the soldier began to reason out, “So doesn’t it stand to say that it is also the illegitimate child of Duke Herhardt?”

A thoughtful look flashed in their eyes.

Was she truly the mistress of the duke who ran away?

The soldier, who carefully examined the empty hallway, shrugged before lowering his voice.

“That’s what people say.”

“Oh, that’s right,” piped up the other soldier, “I heard the woman in the room was originally Medic Etman’s fiance, the son of his family doctor!” exclaimed the other before letting out a low whistle, “But I guess the Duke went and seduced her anyway.”

“Hey!”

Seeing the long shadow approaching from the end of the hall, the soldier on duty urgently hit the side of the soldier standing in front of him. It was only later that he noticed that the man they had just been talking about had finally appeared!

They couldn’t help but grow nervous, wondering if he’d heard their gossip.

Matthias leisurely approached the direction where two frozen soldiers stood in attention for him. It was difficult to reconcile such dirty rumors with a man who was the epitome of great eloquence, elegance, and grace.

They gave him a customary salute as soon as he neared them, and he responded in return, wordlessly dismissing them before finally disappearing into the locked room they were never to open without his permission.

Relieved sighs left them as soon as he was gone. They eyed each other warily before standing both in attendance as they stood in the hallway of the hotel, where amidst the sunshine, they were once again engulfed in silence.





Matthias brought a book back with him.

She knew what it was, but she didn’t understand what his purpose in bringing it was, so she settled down and stared at the pile of books on the table.

“Read it when you’re bored,” Matthias commanded nonchalantly of her as though he was speaking to her like a child. He picked up a random book in the pile.

“Here’s a mystery novel.” He hummed, laying it out in front of her, “I’m positive it’s something you will like.”

Leyla continued to sit in silence as he picked up another.

“There’s also a book about birds.”

And so she watched, eyes fleeting over the selection of books and their covers with barely an ounce of enthusiasm. Still, she uttered not a word to him.

Snacks, flowers, books.

All these things the Duke had brought for her. So unbecoming of the reality of her situation, she was having trouble remembering why she was being so stubborn.

But she couldn’t bear to point the oddity out. It was clear to her that Matthias was not aware of what this situation was doing to her.

Covered snuggly in the blankets, and tucked in comfortably in the bed, Leyla found herself opening up the book on top of the pile.

The letters and words danced into oblivion in front of her even as she stared at them. But a good excuse to not face the Duke.

Sitting on the chair across from her, Matthias looked at her on the bed with a satisfied expression. Her loosely braided hair flowed down on slender shoulders, bunching up around her hips as it cascaded down her swollen stomach.

This image of her, pregnant with his child and reading in the sun was peaceful and beautiful.

A few moments of silence reigned between them once more aside from the rhythmic sounds of flipping pages. Leyla looked at him imploringly.

“Let me out for a moment.” She begged him, “I won’t run away. I promise.”

Matthias’ eyes narrowed at her, and a tinge of fear emerged deep within her. He was not pleased with the tranquility being disturbed, even by her.

“I want to go home.” She continued, “To Uncle Bill-”


“Leyla.” He cut her off sharply, his voice low and thick, sending shivers throughout her body. “Don’t you remember?”

He leaned closer to her.

“You don’t have a home anymore,” He told her plainly, “Or family left.”

Standing up, he approached her, gently grasping her chin to keep her eyes on him.

“Don’t you see? I’m your family.” He whispered to her, “Leyla, I’m all you have left, and all you will ever need.”

“No!” the instinctive protest escaped from her, “I-I refuse to believe-!”

His grip on her chin adjusted, tightening up around her jaw.

“It’s a dangerous battlefield outside.” He whispered, turning her head to look at the ruins outside their room, “So stay with me. I’ll protect you.”

Leyla’s head was turned back to look at Matthias. A single thought only ran into her mind.

All the bombings she’d experienced could never compare to the absolute terror this man was to her.

“You have to think about your child.” He implored her instead, rubbing her chin soothingly.

Leyla’s face crumpled at his words, lips wobbling with barely concealed despair.

Whenever talking about the child in her stomach, Matthias’ face would take on such a loving and gentle look. She could almost believe he would be a father who truly loved the child.

But only the contrary was true with him.

He’s a man who only sees the child in her belly as a means to satisfy his greed, to shackle her permanently to him.

What an abominable man.

“Please don’t insult my baby like that!” She seethed, wrapping her frail arms around her stomach stubbornly away from him, “I don’t want them to hear such insults!”

It was a futile effort, but she felt the need to do something, despite how useless.

“You think it insulting?” Matthias hummed thoughtfully, but Leyla knew he wouldn’t understand her plight at all.

“There seemed to be a misunderstanding, Leyla,” Matthias rebutted softly, his gaze dropping to her swollen stomach barely even hidden from him. “I adore the child. Thanks to it, I’d been persuaded not to kill you,” He then smiled roguishly at her, “And thus here we are now, as happy as we can be again.”


She heard no malice in Matthias’ voice. With the way he was now, he seemed to be only laying out the pure, cut-dry facts for her. And once again, Leyla lost another ounce of fight in her at his words.

She could only hide in silence again.

Matthias bowed down and kissed her on her forehead. Then he went back to his seat and returned to appreciating just the sight of Leyla in front of him.

Like she was only a piece of art to be ogled at.

Evening came swiftly, and once more he hugged her and secured her back to bed.

With his bare chest flushed against her back, Leyla noticed her temperature was a little warmer than usual.

“I have a fever.” She pointed out weakly.

Matthias frowned, before spreading a palm on her forehead, checking if she had a fever. Leyla only turned back around, her back now to him once more.

“I feel tired, I want to rest.” She declared.

With a resigned sigh, she squeezed her eyes shut.

Now sitting on the bed, watching her back, Matthias gently reached out to put the tie on the table around her wrist once more. Once satisfied and secured with the knot, he laid back down behind her before encasing her in his arms like a trap.

To Leyla, whom he cherished, Matthias told many stories.

He told her how much he knew what she liked, and how he was going to create a world for her. Should there be no such place among the mansions owned by the Herhardt family, he would build a new one in her name.

He could even buy an island for her if it’s what it took.

“Let’s build a tower, and build it high so it reaches the sky.”

“I’ll keep you with me forever to make our heaven.”

“I’ll give you my world. Leyla, as long as you stay by my side, as you are now.”

“I love you.” He whispered in Leyla’s ear, who’d long fallen asleep dreaming about his sweet tortures.

It was still a confession, one that can only be conveyed in this way for now.


But one day, perhaps soon, he may be able to say it while looking at the beautiful green eyes he’d long wanted to keep on him forever. And that day he eagerly waits for it. Leyla won’t leave him anymore when she learns to stop fearing him.

Perhaps it wasn’t long now. After all, Leyla loved this kid that came from him. As soon as the child is born, and would need its father, Leyla will have no other choice than to accept him.

And he’s more than willing to play the role.

To make a loving family for the child she cherishes so much.

Matthias kissed Leyla’s soft hair, grasping tightly and securely one of her hands with pure joy.

Despite the burning fever against his skin, he only ever had one truth for her.

I love you.

Suddenly there was a sound of a sigh, hitting hotly against the cold chill around them. Repressing the urge to suddenly break down in vulnerability, Matthias buried his face in the nape of her neck, nuzzling it snuggly. The fresh scent of roses flooded his nostrils.

She still smelled so sweet to him.

It’s funny to see himself begging for the heart of the woman who only had hatred for him, but he’s undeniably happy right now, with Leyla in his arms.

The night was lovely.

He looked around with a dazed face, not knowing what to do before he settled on pulling her body flush against him instead, wounding an arm around her to securely her firmly against his body.

She squirmed in his arms, but only for a moment. And he found a sadistic form of pleasure in her mindless resistance.

He chuckled, low and quiet in the night.

But there was a hidden urge in him to cry.








Leyla opened her eyes to the sunset. It was a dreamy color that made unrealistic days feel more like a dream. Looking at her forehead, all drenched with cold sweat, she curled up before sighing against the heat.

Her hand went to rub her stomach.

‘Are you okay?’ She asked it, smiling at the soft, fluttering sensation she felt when she stroked her stomach, as if in response to the question. A sense of relief washed over her, along with a minor ache in her bones that began to spread.

The mild fever and chills that began a few days ago were getting worse, she soon noted. She endured well even when she was left alone in the broken house after losing Uncle Bill…

But after her encounter with the Duke, her body and mind felt as if it was on the brink of collapsing. She hated the feeling so much, but her body refused to bend to her will.

Every day was getting scary and difficult to live through.

She felt like this was it.

After Uncle Bill’s funeral, every night that came made her go deeper and deeper into the comforts of sleep to escape the pains in her life. When the house would grow quiet, she was suffocated. And when the strong night wind kept blowing through the broken window, she could only tremble in fear that another air raid would come…

But she still has a baby. She had to protect them, so she tried to hang in there, but there were many moments when it didn’t work out.

Moments even her child wasn’t enough to bring her to care about her life.

And Leyla hated how she truly realized it now she was forever by Matthias’ side.

She was dragged humiliatingly captive. Forced to eat for survival despite her wishes…

-and slept more comfortably in a cruel man’s arms than when she was alone, which sometimes came as an unbearably painful wound.

Above all, she found it unbearable how well the baby had taken to the man who kept imprisoning her.

The baby would soon begin fluttering here and there when they heard his voice. When he’d touched her, she could also feel the baby kick in joy. They moved a lot more with Matthias with her, than they did for her alone.

They didn’t understand how cruel the man was, they were just content with having another being around than just the mother. Because the baby has only ever had just a mother.

Leyla was very upset and guilty about that.

She only found out she was with child once they finally left Arvis. She tried too long, and too hard to pretend she didn’t know that she wasn’t growing a human in her belly…

But eventually, it had grown too big to deny.

Too big to ignore.

As soon as she accepted reality, Leyla grew to find solace with the child, surprisingly. She knew what it meant to have an illegitimate child whose father would never even know its existence, how her life would change irrevocably if she were to keep it!

And what disappointment and sadness she would bring to Uncle Bill once he knew she’d keep the child of her torturer.

So she kept quiet, unwilling to disclose its existence.

She wanted to protect the baby, but she was afraid it’ll look like a lingering regret that she brought to this far place without leaving it in Arvis. Surely Uncle Bill would think so too.

She was so embarrassed.

But it was more crippling to carry the knowledge that she’d never know what Uncle Bill truly thought if she was carrying the Duke’s child. If she had known it would remain such great guilt, she shouldn’t have hidden it from Uncle Bill.

After losing Uncle Bill overnight, the most painful crushing feeling of regret bore down on her chest.

Was the baby lonely like her then? Was that why, even when its father was cruel and heartless, the baby has taken such a liking to him this much?

‘I don’t want you to. You’ll only get hurt.’

She implored it to hate their father.

“Leyla.”

She hadn’t realized she’d fallen asleep, before waking up in confusion. Looking up, she saw Matthias.

The lights were already turned on, lighting up the once darkened room.

She thought he was continuing what he was saying, but she couldn’t hear him well over the fog in her ears. There was just a biting chill in the air…

But her body still felt too hot, she soon found herself out of breath even though she was lying still on the bed all this time.

“Leyla.” His voice that kept calling out her name only grew louder. The child’s movement in her belly also grew in strength. They kicked harder and harder every time Matthias called out for her.

‘What if the baby thought their name was Leyla?’ She thought idly before she laughed at the thought.

What a funny mistake it was if that were true, Leyla thought to herself, before the laughter died down.

Soon, only a hot breath escaped her lips, replacing the soft chuckles she’d let out.


He was still calling out her name, and the child was still moving around excitedly, but could only register the mixed sensations all around her.

The heat, the chill, the fluttering in her stomach, and the soothing sensation of Matthias saying her name…

She missed Uncle Bill, she thought belatedly to herself, before her vision soon turned to black.










Chapter 135




That Name




The military doctor looked at the patient with puzzled eyes.

The woman Was not recovering for several days now. It was difficult for him to find a proper way to examine her condition because he couldn’t use the usual medicine.

Her pregnancy was proving difficult for him to treat her.

“When will the fever go down?” Major Herhardt asked as soon as the doctor stepped away from Leyla.

The military doctor grimaced to face him, swallowing down his nervousness at disappointing the Duke.

There was more than just a fever ailing the Major’s woman. He had been surprised she’d managed to survive so far with such a myriad of conditions happening to her body alone.

Any other average adult would not be at risk of death with this fever. Still, with her pregnancy, and further weakened body by other ailments, it was a different matter altogether.

Death was proving to be more likely, but he didn’t know how to break it to the Major without fearing for his life in return.

On the first day he was called to this room, Major Herhardt’s eyes, who spoke blankly about the woman’s worsening condition, had a cold and shuddering glint.


He hardly looked like amongst the living and seemed just about ready to swallow a bullet up his mouth to follow his woman.

“We still have to wait and see-” the doctor began to stammer when Matthias cut him off rather rudely.

“Until when?” Matthias growled threateningly deep and low towards the doctor.

Ever Since he saw her collapse, he immediately began to nurse her back to health. All by himself, he wanted to do it. He refused anyone else’s aid, snapping at them for even offering to take care of her.

“If we take her to a military hospital in the back, can we treat her?” He urgently inquired, looking down at her matted, sweaty golden hair, and stray locks plastered against her temples as she sweated buckets.

But the doctor shook his head.

“With the patient’s physical condition, the journey itself will be too difficult to endure.” He quickly explained to the Duke, “And if by some miracle we manage to send her there, her pregnancy would still prevent us from treating her with any medicine.”

He wanted to explain more about the woman’s condition, but judging by the Major’s ominous expression, continuing to speak would only gain his ire. This terrifying expression of his, which made him look like a dead man walking, only made him be seen like a cornered animal.

But despite his posture, his expression remained blank and impassive.

“I’m sorry, Major.” The doctor finished with a sullen and resigned tone.

Matthias approached Leyla’s bedside again, instinctively grabbing her hand in his. She remained stubbornly unconscious.

The frighteningly high fever had refused to subside for days. Leyla had stayed unconscious for most of the time. When she was, it was still barely enough to keep her awake for long, unable to eat beyond a spoonful of porridge properly.

She would groan endlessly complaining about the heat and murmur incoherently before blacking out again.

However, Matthias did not give up.

To somehow lower the heat, he wiped her forehead with a wet towel, wiping it and her body off of the grime and sweat that had begun to accumulate. Then, he’d religiously cradle her head and feed the porridge when she awoke.

Leyla would scold him half-heartedly for his manhandling of her, but he let it slide. Day in and day out, he would patiently change her clothes, wipe her sweat, and do the same things again and again with every passing day.


“It’s all right, Leyla.” He cooed softly over her delirious fever haze. Then, breathing raggedly in his arms, she groaned in pain as she struggled to keep her eyes open and stare deliriously around them.

“You’ll get better soon.” He promised. Leyla’s eyes snapped to the light source overhead.

“Uncle Bill.” She called out, eyes unfocused as they stared up at him before she gave him a sweet, sweet smile.

“Leyla.” He breathed reverently.

“Later… in the evening, Kyle-” Leyla’s words trailed off, as she resumed babbling incoherently.

Something cold settled in his chest at the mention of the name.

Kyle.

Despite being unconscious, the name this woman called affectionately stilled the loving caress that was being given to her. Matthias’s hands that had been wiping her sweat away froze in contemplation.

Amongst her fevered ramblings, Matthias inferred she believed herself to be back in Arvis before they began their relationship together as she began babbling on about a few stories he’d already read in her diary, her taking care of the flowers in the garden with Bill Remmer. Having so much fun in the forest and the flower fields. Doing homework with Kyle Etman in their quaint little cabin.

Always only three.

Only the three of them always flashed in her memories as they spent time together, ate dinner, and laughed together.

He looked down and watched her happy expression as she babbled on and off of eloquence. Not a single moment as she shared her memories did her smile fade. Even as the pain worsened, and she’d grown red in the face, it disappeared.

After wandering in such illusions for a long time, Leyla lost consciousness again and fell into a deep sleep. Instead of waking her up, Matthias dipped a lukewarm towel in a basin. The bones of the hand that twisted the towel as hard as possible were turning white as he poured every terrible thought he wanted to do.

When night came around, Leyla called out for other more names, but they stayed mostly the same.

Mom.

Dad.

Uncle Bill.

Kyle.

And yet, not a single moment did Matthias cross her fever-addled brain.

A rising rage awoke in him at the blatant insult Leyla kept showing him even as she was sick.








Outside the makeshift infirmary, a military car came rolling by to a stop belonging to Bergian forces. One of those that dismounted was Riette von Lindman.

He had stopped in front of a hotel standing in the square of the city, stretching a limb overhead as he loosened his limbs up from the long journey. He watched the young soldiers sitting in groups and having a leisurely afternoon smoke or chat.

This relaxed aura in the camp, a different cry from the war he’d come from, immediately brightened up Riette’s eyes.

“Riette Lindman!” A noble officer, who recognized him, approached with a smile as they greeted each other. Riette shook his hand in return with his roguish smile.

“Oh, you’re still alive.” He jested.

“You know how I am.” They lightheartedly rebutted. The two continued exchanging pleasantries and jokes before they sat side by side at a bar on the hotel’s first floor.

After achieving the top priority of occupying Sienna, the Berg army was scheduled to reorganize its battle lines here and march west to attack the capital of Lovita. However, soldiers who had been running nonstop and winning the war were given temporary leave to enjoy some time in a warm resort city in the south as a reward for all their hard work and sacrifice.

Before the start of the new year, the emperor’s solemn declaration that he would win and return Berg’s sons, which he pertained to Sienna city, to his family’s arms, but no one readily believed it.

Now it was looking more and more likely to be true.

“What about Matthias?” Riette lightly winced as he downed a shot of brandy, looking around in search of the duke as he asked for his whereabouts. After all, he was the reason why Riette, who’d been assigned to the rear units who supplied the bulk of Berg Army, came over here in the first place. To check up on his cousin.

“It’s…” The officer, who was laughing mischievously with him not a moment ago, suddenly looked pensive and hesitant. Riette frowned with concern.

“Why? Did something happen? I didn’t hear that he was injured.”


“It’s not like that. Major Herhardt is safe, but…” the officer began to trail off, sighing, “There have been some strange things happening here lately.”

“Oh?” Riette asked, now intrigued, “What could have happened to that boring guy?”

Fingers drummed against the glass.

“He dragged a pregnant Lovitan woman to camp.”

Riette’s hands stilled before he could throw back another shot of brandy down his throat.

“What?” he croaked, Riette doubting he heard him correctly.

“It’s a shock that Duke Matthias von Herhardt, who is not like the other men, would suddenly feel the urge to claim a woman out of the blue! Especially a Lovitan woman.” He grumbled, rubbing his temples in great confusion, still unable to wrap his head around their Major’s behavior. “I can’t explain it.”

“Aw, come on,” Riette prodded, “Don’t leave me hanging now that you’ve told me the interesting bits.”

“In Room 308, go and see it for yourself.” The other soldier grunted, throwing back another shot of brandy for himself, “You’ll know when you see it.”

He drank the rest of the drink and shook his head and sighed. Riette, who was looking at him with a frown, left the bar, alongside the rest of his luggage.

Even as he climbed the stairs and passed through the hallway where the room was located, he did not believe his friend. Riette thought it was certain that he was drunk from all the day drinking he’d been doing. Or perhaps he went a little crazy due to the shock of war. That made more sense than Matthias von Herhardt committing such a Scandal amid a high-stake war.

Soon after, however, Riette was able to confirm the ridiculous reality with his own eyes.

Just as he was about to knock, the door to the room suddenly swung open. He nearly crashed into the military doctor, who was just about to leave the room.

“Oh, is Matthias in there?” he politely asked the doctor, before a sudden burst inside the room gave them great alarms!

“Open your eyes! Open your eyes! Come on!” a demanding yell echoed from inside, before the doctor turned back inside in haste, with Riette following in suit.

What he saw greatly baffled him as soon as he saw his cousin.

His perfect cousin, the ever revered Duke of Arvis, now looked manic as he shook roughly the arms of an unconscious, and definitely, heavily pregnant woman in bed as he shouted at her.


Matthias had Bloodshot eyes, and age lines on his face were more prominent than he remembered. Even the shirt he had on was loose and crinkled. It was unbelievable even when he saw his state with his own eyes.

“Don’t do this, Major! The patient needs to rest!” protested the doctor as he gripped the major’s wrists to prevent him from shaking the woman roughly some more.

“Do you think you can run away if you die?!” Matthias screamed at the woman’s face, “Don’t underestimate me!”

Without any mercy or regard, Matthias shoved the military doctor holding his arm away. He resumed grabbing the unconscious woman lying in bed again.

Riette had no clue what was going on, but his body moved anyway, immediately grabbing Matthias’ wrists to prevent him from aggravating the woman’s condition more.

“What’s going on, Matthias?!” Riette yelled over his cousin’s screams, “What’s the meaning of all this-”

In his shock, Riette abruptly let go of Matthias as soon as he saw who was lying on the bed.

He took a few steps away from his cousin.

It was Leyla Lewellin, the woman whom Riette recognized well enough.

Taking advantage of Riette’s shock, Matthias rushed back to Leyla.

“If you run away to death, I’ll die too! I’ll chase you!” Matthias exclaimed as he shook her unconscious frame roughly, “You hear me, Leyla?! You’re mine! Even if you die, you will not escape me!”

Matthias, who held and screamed at an unconscious woman, looked like a made beast, forced into the last of his sanity. Like a pitiful prey thrown in front of the gun, weighed down by uncontrollable fear and left only with its baser instincts.

Riette reeled back in great disbelief as he watched the madness unfolding in front of him.

This… This didn’t make sense.

As far as he knew, Matthias was a man who had lived perfectly all his life. He was always calculating and composed, always an intimidating predator, and a perfect hunter all his life.

There was no reason to believe he could be anything else than that.

“Open your eyes now. Open your eyes, Leyla!” Matthias demanded from Leyla, who remained stubbornly limp and unwaking, “See who is in front of you before you kill Kyle Etman!” He seethed desperately, his body shaking with a barely concealed rage.


A few days ago, perhaps Leyla could have been roused back to unconsciousness with his current actions, but her condition had greatly worsened with every passing day. And now, even with her ragged breaths and groans of pain…

Her eyes could only remain closed off from him.

Matthias saw this as a slight to him, a stubborn refusal on her part to deny him of her attention.

And it made Matthias want to go crazy.

“Uncle…” Leyla murmured painfully and longingly in her delirium, when she sighed out, Matthias caught the smell of a familiar tang-iron scent. He could only slump back into bed, unable to say anything more to make her see him.

She called out for Bill Remmer a few more times, a smile always following suit before her cloudy green eyes blinked up unfocused in the room. It was almost like he was there with them, about to fetch and steal Leyla away from him.

Matthias looked around with blank and dead eyes, before landing on the window in the room. It must be a bright day outside, yet he saw no light. It was all darkness.

Perfect darkness without even a single piece of light.

Was the gardener truly trying to take Leyla away?

What ridiculous thought, he rationalized, but the persistent fear refused to leave him.

Just as Bill orchestrated the escape from Arvis with Leyla…

He comes back once more to take Leyla back from the man who fought tooth and nail to reunite them.

“Leyla.” Matthias’ called out softly, his tune changed once more in the face of looming death for her. He wrapped Leyla’s heated cheeks with his hands which began to tremble.

‘Leyla, please.’ He begged in his mind as he pressed their foreheads together, before pressing their lips together and tasting the blood that had settled on her lips.

She was whispering once more, weak and soft against his lips.

“Uncle…” Leyla’s lips became soft as if she had met Bill Remmer again.

“Kyle…” she called out with a delirious smile.

Naturally, the name followed. Leyla laughed happily against him, even though he knew in his heart she was about to die.

She was dreaming of beautiful things with a man that wasn’t him.

Matthias flashed back to the girl smiling brightly at Kyle Etman in front of him.

She was the child of Arvis, who grew up to be so smart as she was pretty, her eyes forever twinkling and loving with everything she saw. The woman who escaped from him relentlessly, the woman he was hoping was his but never was.

Was he killing her?

“Matthias.” Riette, who approached him, grabbed his shoulder slightly. It was only then that Matthias noticed the existence of his cousin.

But it didn’t rouse any sense of alarm in him. Just a void remained. Even with Riette in front of him, Matthias’s eyes were just empty.

Matthias’ touch returned to Leyla, being spurned by Riette’s touch on his shoulder.

His hands roamed all over the sweaty hair, the matted red face. His hands lingered on her neck, before moving to her arms, and torso before he finally leaned back.

His hands dropped to the sides limply.

With a terse voice, he finally spoke.

“Bring me Etman. Now.”







“Kyle Etman!”

Kyle hurriedly looked up for the voice that was urgently calling for him. The military police, one of those who put him in this prison, were rushing in, keys jingling as they stood in front his cell.

“You’ve been requested, Private Etman.” the police informed him as they unlocked his makeshift cell.

Deciding to be a little snarky after being imprisoned, Kyle couldn’t help but snap back at them.

“Oh? Don’t I still have more days to serve as punishment?”

“Stop talking smart and come out!” the police barked harshly at him, yanking him up to his feet, “You’ve been given an important job in place of your punishment, so be grateful! Double time Private!” They urged him, roughly grabbing him by his biceps and hauling him out of prison

“What do you mean?” Kyle asked with great confusion, “What mission?”

“It’s Major Herhardt’s orders.” the police grunted at him.


Ah, so he was being released under the Duke’s leniency huh? Kyle wanted to laugh mockingly at the thought. Surely this was just another sick sense of justice the Duke had!

Just about as Kyle was about to snark back at the police, he was interrupted by an explanation.

The Duke’s leniency for putting himself in this warehouse. As soon as he wanted to laugh, the military police continued.

“The woman the Major brought is very sick,” the police sternly explained, “And for some reason, he’s convinced you can help. So get up, Private Etman! Time’s a wastin!”
















Chapter 136




Your Dream Came True







“There’s not much I can do for the patient at the moment, Major.”

The military doctor opened his mouth with an awkward face. It was very embarrassing to have to repeat the same words every day in front of his increasingly cold superior.

“Why?”

The returning major’s answer was also the same.

“As you know, she’s pregnant, so I can’t use medicine carelessly. If something goes wrong, the child in the stomach-”

“I’m asking about Leyla right now.” Matthias interrupted rudely, which ultimately paved way for a newfound tension in the room between the current occupants.


The military doctor flinched upon the Major’s harshness, especially as Matthias immediately shot up to his feet.

Before anything else could happen, the door swung open to reveal Kyle as he finally returned.

Uniform crumpled up, hair unkempt, and dark circles beneath his eyes, Kyle held a murderous glare as his eyes landed on Matthias. But unlike him, Matthias only held a quiet, haunted look in his eyes.

Unlike Kyle, who glared at him as if he were going to kill him, Matthias’ eyes were consistently silent.

The first day he’d been called into the room, he’d witnessed a ruthless quarrel between the two men.

But more so on Private Etman’s part than it did with the Major’s.

Kyle, who saw Leyla lying dead, went half-crazy and attacked him without hesitation.

If only he could kill that devil.

However, even if Kyle cursed, waved his fist, and made a fuss, Matthias did not show any reaction.

‘Save Leyla.’

That was all he said to Kyle.

He ruined her, drove her to the threshold of death, and dared to give such an order to him?! Yet Kyle wouldn’t reject the order.

It’s Leyla after all. Why should she suffer for what the Major did? Even if it was not a major’s order, he had to save Leyla at all costs. But it was, so he couldn’t do anything else about it.

Leyla’s condition has not improved at all. Sometimes, when her consciousness came back from time to time, she would recognize Kyle and say things as if he had returned to his childhood friend, but that was all.

“Focus on Leyla, not the child.” Matthias hissed, “Just think about Leyla, and make sure she’s healed!” demanded Matthias after a glance at Kyle, before addressing the doctor once more.

“But Major, the mother, and the baby’s condition are not separate. Inevitably together-”

“Use the medicine!” Matthias ordered and the doctor clamped his mouth shut at the raised voice, “Use the medicine to lower her fever, and wake her up!”

Finally, Kyle broke his silence on the matter.

“She’s too far along in the pregnancy already.” Kyle seethed at him, “If we use any of the stronger medicine, the child would come out stillborn!”

“So what?” Matthias snapped before he looked down at Leyla, who was breathing hard. “Bring your medicine, Etman.”

“DO YOU WANT TO KILL THE CHILD?!” Kyle asked him incredulously.

“I don’t care what happens to the child,” Matthias admitted truthfully, and Kyle couldn’t help but scoff.

“HOW COULD YOU-”

“You’re here to save Leyla,” Matthias cut off, his tone more ominous than before as he glared at Kyle, “Do what is asked of you and nothing else.”

He’d lost care about keeping the child alive the moment he realized he would lose Leyla anyway. It’s true that when the child dies, the last hope of regaining Leyla by his side forever would disappear.

It’s the thought that made him hesitate most about the treatment he knew could save Leyla’s life. But ultimately…

He’d rather endure the hell of letting her go and live her life than watch her die.

There was nothing else to consider. Nothing else would matter, and that’s what Matthias had come to do.

“HOW CAN YOU TELL ME TO KILL HER CHILD SO CALLOUSLY?!” Kyle persisted, “HAVE YOU EVER TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT HER FEELINGS IN THIS MATTER, OR JUST YOUR SELFISHNESS AGAIN!?” Kyle burst into anger that he couldn’t hold back anymore.

Riette, who was watching from afar, also stepped in to put his two cents in.

“I agree, Matthias,” Riette piped up softly, “We’re already in a war, and if that child that Miss Lewellin has is your child, you have to save it, too.” His eyes were serious when he looked at Matthias.

“If you were to be killed and die, and if that child in your stomach is your child, it would be Herhardt’s only successor.”

Riette spoke in the count of the nobility. It was the right thing to do if you were an heir to a prestigious family. And Matthias von Herhardt was said to be the most perfect aristocrat in this empire.

“Be reasonable.” Riette urged, imploring to the rational Duke he knew Matthias was. After a glance towards both Kyle and Riette, who stood in front of him in protest, Matthias whirled around swiftly to face the military doctor again.

“Give me the medicine.” He immediately demanded it. The calm voice that broke the heavy silence was no different from before. If no one had the balls to save Leyla, he’d do it himself!

“I’ll save Leyla.”

Matthias repeated the cold-blooded orders as if he knew nothing else but that.



‘My dream has come true.’

Leyla thought happily. Even though she knew it was impossible, the dream she had deep in her heart became a reality.

It was the beginning of summer when the forest of Arvis would turn the most beautiful green.

She pedaled her bike excitedly and ran to the cabin. She wore the summer uniform of Gillis’s Girls’ School, where the hem of her blue dress fluttered along the wind shaking the forest.

The old bicycle creaked and stopped in front of the warehouse in the front yard of the cabin. Leyla jumped slightly off the bike, quickly running the remaining distance home.

It didn’t take too long to change her clothes and come out again.

She wore a wide-brimmed straw hat and held a large basket, walking gently toward the deep forest as if dancing. She was going to pick raspberries until Kyle came to study together. She had to make enough raspberry jam to fit the glass bottles before the end of this summer.

Yes, it was a dream come true. At the beginning of summer when she was only eighteen years old. Back when everything was still all fun and happy days.

Leyla hummed and picked raspberries. She also thought about the dinner menu from time to time. For both Uncle Bill and Kyle, she could make their favorite foods. Should she have asked Uncle Bill to catch the chicken?

While thinking diligently and picking raspberries, Leyla reached the riverside. The smell of water tickled her nose as she wiped her sweaty forehead.

Now, these days will continue every day. Leyla could tell that her dream came true and she can live in this time forever.

She was so thrilled. She felt her heart was full when suddenly Leyla heard a child crying.

It was strange.

There are no children in this forest. However, the sound was too loud and clear to dismiss as something she’d just misheard.

Leyla, who hesitated, put down the heavy basket for a while and looked in the direction in which the cry came. And after a while, she spotted a strange child crying. A small and pretty child, who seemed to be around Leyla’s age when she was abandoned by her mother, was crying and walking alone from the foot of the river.

Puzzled, Leyla’s steps faltered before she stepped back.


She didn’t know who the child was. She gently pressed a palm against her pounding chest and shook her head.

She had to hurry back to the cabin. Uncle Bill will be back soon. She had to make dinner for the three of them.

‘But who is that? Why is the child crying?’

Leyla took a step back, suddenly overcome with the urge to cry. In the meantime, the child’s cries only grew louder.

‘What should I do? What should I do?’

She kept biting her lips out of nervousness. Her ears were ringing with the deafening cries of the unknown child.

And then she gasped, pupils, dilating as a vision flashed right in front of her.

It was fuzzy at first until it gradually became clearer and clearer…

And then she saw the blue eyes.

As soon as Leyla realized that it was Matthias who’d been looking right at her, she suddenly became aware of one other thing.

Large, firm hands grabbed her chin and began to pry open her mouth. Naturally, she resisted weakly in protest, confused and unknowing of what was happening. After a while, something smooth, hard, and cold touched her lips.

It was a medicine bottle.



A sharp scream erupted in the whole room.

Leyla’s scream was so loud that other occupants found it hard to believe she was the same woman who had only been suffering, dying even, just a while ago.

“LEYLA!” Kyle called out for her, while the doctor and Riette stood uselessly at either side. They looked at him sheepishly, but Matthias, who was holding down a thrashing Leyla, remained surprisingly cool-headed.

“It’s all right. You’ll be fine soon.” Matthias promised her quietly as he continued to overpower Leyla, who was struggling, and then fixed eyes on the medicine bottle and grabbed it hastily. However, Leyla continued to thrash around relentlessly as she screamed bloody murder against his hold!

“DON’T! GET AWAY FROM ME! I DON’T WANT IT!” she screamed at the top of her lungs.


“DON’T BE STUBBORN, LEYLA,” Matthias grunted as he continued to keep her head still to force the medicine down her throat.

“MY BABY! MY FAMILY! WHO ARE YOU TO KILL MY FAMILY?!”

Matthias’ frown deepened as he looked at Leyla, thrashing and screaming around like he was the devil.

“IF YOU KEEP THIS UP, YOU’LL DIE.” He pointed out to her, sticking fingers at the side of her mouth, to open it up. A frustrated look emerged from his eyes as Leyla started to bite and scratch at his hands.

Hysterical sobs all but replaced her screams, but Matthias didn’t back down one bit.

“Sa-save it.” She wheezed at him, all frail and weakened, limbs as thin as twigs, but her grip on his hand holding the medicine bottle was stubbornly strong as she pushed it away from her.

The desperation in her voice eventually stilled his hands.

“I lied. I lied. I LIED!!!” Leyla rasped breathlessly, eyes wide and panicked as she pleaded with him, “It’s your baby! It’s only ever your baby!”

Tears that flowed nonstop soaked her fever face.

“I know,” Matthias answered without any hesitation or remorse as his resolve remained strong. It was a fact that he knew from the beginning and had never doubted for a moment. And it didn’t have any effect on Matthias’ decision.

He’d kill his child to save her.

Only Leyla was important to him.

Leyla stared at him in a daze, in complete disbelief at the man who now held her child’s life in his hands quite literally.

Matthias was steadfast. He wasn’t backing down.

“No, it’s you… it’s your baby!” She sobbed as she wheezed and pleaded with him to spare her child. Her ramblings turned inconsolable as she continued to

Leyla muttered incomprehensibly.

‘You’re going to kill the baby even though you know it’s your child?! How?!’

“I’m telling you the truth.” she sobbed, but Matthias remained silent, “It might look like you.” She tried again, but nothing. He remained quiet, and his grip on her still strong.

“The baby, it loves you. It loves you, my baby.” She rasped out, delirious and weakened. Still, Matthias remained silent, even as Leyla’s pleas became more desperate.

Of this, Matthias couldn’t comprehend the importance. Leyla continued to spout nonsense for him.

Whether the child resembles him or likes him, it didn’t mean anything to Matthias.

The child only ever served as an excuse to have Leyla by his side without making him kill her, so it was important then, but not anymore.

The child in his eyes now was nothing more than another parasite, trying to take Leyla away from him.

And Matthias could not tolerate that kind of existence. Even if it’s his child doing it.

No one would take Leyla away from him. He won’t allow it.

Renewed with this knowledge, Matthias now climbed over Leyla’s frail form, grip hardening on the medicine bottle.

“NO! DON’T DO THAT! DON’T KILL MY BABY! I’M DYING TOO! IF MY BABY DIES, I’LL DIE TOO!” Leyla wailed as she struggled with all her might. “WITHOUT MY BABY, I WILL BE ALL ALONE IN THE WORLD! I’LL DIE! I DON’T THINK I CAN STAND IT. SO… PLEASE.”

By now she didn’t even have the strength to keep her eyes open anymore, but Leyla…

She still hung on tightly to him. Matthias’ deepened more as he kept looking at her ever-weakening state, a painful lurch in his heart at her statement.

‘What about me?’ He wanted to ask, but couldn’t.

Why can’t he be her family instead? He’ll take care of her, give her everything she would ever desire.

He’d be with her always, so she won’t ever be alone.

He’s right here with her, always had been, and yet Leyla continued to say she’s alone. Had she already considered he’d never be part or important to her life then?

His grip eventually loosened up, and the medicine bottle rolled down from Matthias’ grasp as he stared down at Leyla. His hollow laughter flowed ruthlessly out his lips, as the glass bottle shattered into a million pieces as it hit the floor.

“Leyla, if you want to save your child, you should live, too.” Mathias, who opened his slowly closed eyes, looked at Leyla with a more convincing gaze.

“If you give your life to save the child, it will die anyway.” He told her gently, caressing her chin…

“Because if you die just to save it,” before his hands still and his gaze hardened. “I’m going to kill it.” He promised her. He held her face still for her to look at him, but her eyes had gone unfocused, her lips remained wordless with his threats to her child’s life.

“Listen up, Leyla….. LIVE.” he commanded her in a whisper, “LIVE… if you want to save that child. Do you

understand me?” He demanded of her.


Her hands trembled with feverish heat, but eventually, Leyla found the strength to nod a few times before she lost consciousness again.

Still, Matthias shook Leyla’s unconscious form urgently to confirm her answer. He kept at it, even as it was clear she was no longer conscious.

It ended only after Riette, who couldn’t just watch the nightmare anymore, managed to eventually pull him away from her and forcibly pulled him out of the room.

Everyone in the room could tell that if Leyla were to eventually die…

So would the child in her belly, by Matthias’ hands.










Chapter 137




If I Can’t Be Your Sky







A strange routine soon formed between Matthias and Kyle.

Kyle would step in to take care of her when Leyla came to consciousness, and Matthias would take charge as soon as she fell into a deep sleep.

It wasn’t intentional, but it just came to them naturally.

A wordless agreement between the two of them.

Fortunately, a few days later after the whole kerfuffle, Leyla’s fever was finally breaking, little by little.

The military doctor was relieved that it turned out to not be pneumonia, which was the worst-case scenario for the pregnant woman. He was also quite certain that should the woman die, he too would be killed by the major for his failure.

“All that’s left to do now is to leave it to the patient.” He cautiously informed the Major, who was holding the hand of the woman as soon as she fell asleep.


“To do that,” the doctor started anxiously, “Her comfort is of utmost importance. Please refrain from stressing her out in any way, and not handle her so roughly.” The doctor eventually laid out.

While he was afraid for whatever lashing out the major would give him, this too was necessary advice. If the Major wanted to keep the woman alive, he needed to heed this advice as well.

Matthias stood up abruptly, making everyone else in the room flinch. He remained quiet, before letting go of Leyla’s hand. Kyle, who brought her meal just in time, finally entered the room.

They locked eyes with one another.

As they continued to hold each other’s gaze, the nervous eyes of the military doctor flitted between them, as he gulped down his trepidation. Duke Herhardt and his family doctor’s son. More and more the rumors about the Duke stealing the doctor’s son’s woman were becoming more truthful with every passing time.

Fortunately, the silence did not last very long.

Matthias eventually stepped back, and Kyle finally took over his recently vacated space beside the unconscious woman. And just in time too, as Leyla finally opened her eyes.

“Kyle.” A bright, and pleasant smile spread across Leyla’s lips as soon as she saw him.

“What about the note? Did you bring your geometric note?” She asked him incoherently. Kyle gave her a soft, and despondent smile in return.

She was still half delirious and crazed from the high fever. He’d play along with her until she got better.

“Of course I brought it.” He piped up softly, wiping down gently the sweat from her forehead, “That way, I can get dinner from you.”

“No, not yet.” she mumbled, looking around with a frown.

“Don’t you want to have dinner, Leyla?” Kyle softly inquired, waiting patiently for her response.

“Uncle Bill hasn’t come yet.”

Kyle blinked back the tears stinging his eyes at the mention of him. He cleared his throat for a bit to compose himself before responding to her.

“U-Uncle Bill had told me he’d be running a little late, Leyla.” Kyle excused as he smiled brighter after rubbing his red-eyed face in a hurry.

Matthias watched them from a distance from the bed, hidden from her direct line of sight.

He watched as Leyla smiled like an innocent girl and believed Kyle’s words almost immediately, not an ounce of hesitation. And Kyle was there, carefully feeding her porridge, blowing on every spoonful to cool it down for her.

What a cozy and peaceful sight.

One he’d never had with her at all.

After watching them for a moment more, Matthias swiftly turned on his heels, quietly turning around to avoid seeing more.

As the bright sunlight poured over him as he went out into the hallway, a bitter smile paved its way to his lips.



Matthias did not return to his room until late at night. Kyle had just left the room, and now only Leyla remained in it, deeply fast asleep.

The fever was finally breaking albeit gradually, but at least Leyla’s breathing was no longer ragged and wheezing. She was breathing normally once again. Thanks to this, Matthias can observe her endlessly in the undisturbed silence. Her face was calm, almost as if she was in a pleasant dream. He didn’t know what dream she was having.

But he was certain of just one thing about it.

He wasn’t in it.

He didn’t want to think about the mess around him, but eventually, he found himself in the bathroom, cleaning himself up. He took longer than usual in the shower, hence by the time he got out, Leyla was awake.

The woman was lying still, staring up at the ceiling like an innocent child. He hesitated for a while, but Matthias still approached Leyla.

Upon hearing his nearing footsteps, she turned curiously to look at him. Eventually, it hadn’t come as a surprise to him that as soon as she saw him, her innocent and wide-eyed look was soon replaced by a frantic and unbridled fear.

“No, don’t do it!” She whispered pleadingly at him.

Matthias continued forward, stopping by the bed, and lifted the covers, watching her shrink in fear with his proximity. He found himself not minding it one bit, before pulling her closer and began to remove her clothes anyway, and proceeded to wipe down the building sweat and grime all over her body.

She gasped and whimpered at his touch, thrashing weakly in his grip, but he kept going. She shook his arm off of her weakly, and when she realized that it was useless, she covered her face with her hands.

He could have gone and ordered a woman to do this, their military wasn’t short on staff female nurses after all. But he didn’t want to let anyone else near Leyla.


He hated seeing someone else fretting over her, being with her, touching her, and seeing her the way he did now. It didn’t matter if it was a man or a woman.

Only he must be with her.

Matthias kept carefully wiping her shivering and frail body. As soon as his hands reached her stomach, his frame froze for just a moment.

While Leyla was growing weaker due to her sickness, the child kept growing persistently. He had hoped that somehow she would miscarry eventually and Leyla would be back to full health, but the child stubbornly remained healthy in her belly.

Truly it could only be his child, seeing as it was persistently sticking close to the woman, like he was. Funnily enough, while Leyla would have no qualms in leaving him behind, seemed to be quite enamored with the small parasite she was ready to even die for.

At that moment, an ugly feeling bloomed in his chest toward his unborn child.

He envied and hated the child like crazy. Back then, he only had to be content with Kyle Etman and Bill Remmer. But the old gardener was already dead, and Kyle was no threat to him.

And now this parasite of a child.

He did not doubt that Leyla would put even her favorite birds, flowers, and even grass above him. His situation was truly miserable and pitiful, and frankly pathetic, but he couldn’t get rid of his feelings for her.

‘Should I just get rid of everything?’ He wondered curiously. The urge to do it was strong, to get rid of everything in his way to be with Leyla, despite his rational side saying otherwise.

If he were to get rid of everything she loved, she would have no choice but to stay with him. A crazy thought, but he could do it, he supposed. He’d drive her mad, just as she did when she left him.

Oh.

He hadn’t seen it before.

But one day, his love will eventually kill Leyla, won’t it?

But this was how he loved her. He didn’t know how to love this woman any other way. He didn’t think he’d need to find a different way in all his life.

Matthias fixed the towel and grabbed it as he gathered his racing thoughts, calming down his breathing.

His eyes stared deep into the abyss, even as he laid down and covered Leyla in new pajamas.

“Let’s sleep”. Matthias whispered, sweeping Leyla’s hair over her forehead and cheek.


Leyla nodded at him breathlessly, and soon closed her eyes. She didn’t feel like she fell asleep. She would have just wanted to avoid it. She can’t afford to lose her bearing around a man she hated and feared so much.

Matthias remained by Leyla’s side though, despite knowing how much she hated him.

It was good to see her either way. He loved her so much, about as much as he was sick and tired of himself.



When she woke up, Leyla was in Matthias’ arms again, encased securely and gently in them. The morning sunshine seeping through the window was illuminating them beautifully together.

As her mind gradually focused back to the present, one by one her memories came flooding back to her during her fever.

She remembered vaguely complaining during her sleep. She also voiced her wishes to go out. She also remembered feeling frustrated. She only wanted to get some fresh air. And yet she remembered Matthias giving her a hard, cold glare, obviously not allowing it.

But they were all so fuzzy, they seemed surreal.

Leyla chanced a glance at Matthias, before turning her eyes to look at the sky over the open window. He was still snuggling deeply, his back to the window as his arms wrapped warmly around her. His fingers were absentmindedly stroking and caressing the small of her back, feeling like a small gentle breeze was running through her.

“Leyla.” He called out, snapping her gaze back to his now opened lids. He’d finally awoken, but then he lowered his gaze from hers and turned to the distant sky before he locked eyes with her again.

“Leyla.” He called out in a whisper, almost like her name was the only song he knew to sing. It sounded too sickly sweet in her ears, she couldn’t help but listen to him.

“Your child is okay. I’m happy it’s fine.” He hushed her gently, as he kept stroking her lovingly.

Subconsciously, she sank deeper into his arms, feeling her heart jump with hope with his gentle words.

‘It was only because he panicked after all,’ Leyla thought to herself, ‘He’s only human, the stress surely clouded his judgment. He doesn’t hate his child after all.’

“Still, I need to have it, to have you again.” he continued, before his arms marginally tightened around her frail form, “But I must admit, I find myself rather furious with it.”

Leyla’s heart leaped to her throat in his words, a cold dread slowly filling her.


“I keep watching you cherish it dearly, and yet you keep casting me aside, declaring your endless hate for me, and I can’t stand it.” He hissed, holding her closer to him with every passing statement, “I need it to have you, and yet I hate it so much because you love it so.”

She looked up at him, in a mix of trepidation and confusion. He looked straight into her eyes, as the sunlight cast shadows over his face.

Was she still in a fevered hallucination? Leyla couldn’t help but wonder.

It must be, she desperately wished. She couldn’t imagine any father talking about their child like he was. Surely this was just a nightmare she conjured up in her fever, like the many others she imagined about his torture of her.

“I know better than to do it, but I can’t help but want to lock you up all over again,” Matthias smiled at her, “Even if I hostage that child you bear, I’ll do it, so long as you stay by my side.”

He cupped her cheeks lovingly, staring at her glassy, wide eyes with great adoration.

“I can do anything, no matter how extreme, just to keep you with me.”

He kept talking. About how she drove him to be like this, and how he only knew how to be with her like this. How it pained him to see her suffering so much, getting sick and delirious. And as he spouted about himself, and his treatment of her…

The child in her belly kept moving, almost as if it loved hearing his voice, no matter how cruel his words were. Leyla couldn’t help but be mesmerized by him either.

“But I’m still so happy,” He continued as he kept smiling at her, “Because I still have you in my arms like this.”

Her mind was warring, but her body and child were settled with him.

“I’m like this, Leyla. To you, I’ll be this monster forever.” he grinned, and still, she can’t bring herself to pull away…

“And one day this monster will kill you.” He declared, “And even though I will be the death of you, I can’t help but love you anyway.”

Matthias sighed as he kept muttering nonsense to her, he then kissed the golden hair he had wrapped in one hand.

In the beginning, he knew that he would never do anything to ruin this woman’s hair. He already knew at the moment when he pledged to find and kill her, and if he couldn’t have her, he would kill her and escape with only this piece of her with him as he escaped his crazed longing.

‘My queen, the ruler of my life, how can I kill you?’ He wondered longingly as he stroked Leyla’s face in a gentle caress as if he were an old man trembling with fear in the face of such beauty.


Even when this woman kept hurting him, and tearing his heart apart, he was all too willing to smile and die to be with her. And yet…

His love was only ever poison for Leyla.

There is only one thing Matthias could do for his queen.

“Go then, Leyla,” he whispered, letting her golden locks finally slip from his grasp. His other hand still gently touched her cheeks, imprinting her blinding beauty in his memory, to burn it in his mind for eternity, making him a madman all over again.

If this was where their relationship would run its course, there’s only so much Matthias could say now.

“Get well soon,” he whispered against her skin, “-and leave me then.”

It was all he could do, wasn’t it? It was all he should ever do, and yet still, his heart was raging against it.

He let out a hollowed laugh, chuckling mirthlessly at his last command to her.

Letting her go was a death sentence to him.

He loved everything about this woman.

Her lips, her hair, her eyes, even more so when they’re filled with relentless tears. Even when she trembled at the sight of him, even when others scorned him now for his obsession with her…

He’ll bask in this hell he’d created because it led him to her.

He still wanted to keep her by his side, to take her child and shackle her with him forever even if she’ll loathe him for eternity.

He’ll gladly take up the role of her monster, the villain in her life, and proudly so just to trap her with him.

But he also knew.

The woman he loved the most, the one he was crazy in love with…

She was Leyla, one who thrived more when she was free and beautiful as a bird. Like the girl of Arvis, who for her whole life, sat alone on a rainy day in her quaint cabin, and spent the entirety reading the books she loved.

“Leyla…..If I can’t be your sky,” he rasped longingly, “Then…….. I’ll let you go…..”

Because even if he were to let her go, his love for her will never wane. Not for a long time.

He’ll bring it with him to his very grave, even if it means living endlessly in tortured pain, without salvation in sight.

“But I will love you, and I will endure this loss of you…”

‘Leyla, my dear Leyla, please.’

“So go.” Matthias’ voice was as soft as the wind. Leyla just stared at him with mesmerizing eyes. His agony and beauty were so hypnotizing to her.

“Fly into your sky…far away from me.”

‘Before my love finally kills you.’

He still couldn’t bear to say the words, but for now, he’ll settle for one last parting kiss on her forehead.

“Fare thee well, Leyla.”

The child in her stomach was fluttering light, and actively. It was still dancing enthusiastically to their father’s words. Leyla could feel a warmth wash over her with his kiss on her forehead.

What a beautiful dream this was.

And yet, what sadness it gave her in return.
















Chapter 138




On Such a Beautiful Day








The fever further simmered down, so the time for Leyla’s full consciousness to return won’t be long now. With her health gradually improving, she had taken to sleeping like a log most of the time in her recovery.


But for the most part, Kyle continued to fret over her condition and the baby’s, even when he knew the worst had already come to pass. He knew this because while he was still a novice as a medical student, he had been shadowing his father for a long time. He knew there could still be further complications that could spring up with a patient like Leyla. The fever itself would have taken a great toll on her mental and physical health.

“Uncle…” she moaned, tossing and turning in bed as she called out for her dead uncle. She must be dreaming of the past again, he mused. All Kyle could do was to stay by Leyla’s side, at best.

But the question remained. As soon as her condition gets better, what should he do next?

The answer he’d immediately concluded made Kyle’s stomach churn uncomfortably.

It is pure cruelty to leave Leyla by the Duke’s side like this. But Kyle was only more certain that the man would never let Leyla go. He would go to such lengths just to keep her with him.

Should he run away with Leyla, then? Make a break for it now, and ask forgiveness later for acting so rashly.

But where would they go?

In this time of war, nowhere was safe. The Duke would only be more likely to get himself in a position to raid where they were to reside, and he’d be branded a deserter, sentenced to die for abandoning his post.

Not to mention Leyla was with child. The travel alone could stress her so much either to an early grave, or early labor.

“Uncle Bill, help us.” Kyle quietly pleaded into the wind, raising his head to look up at the ceiling in despair.

What would Uncle Bill do?

He didn’t know. No matter how much he gave it thought, his mind came up blank on any possible solution.

All he knew was one thing, though.

He needed to flee with Leyla, far away from here. He never wanted to subject her to more of the treatment she got at the hands of the Duke.

He needed to come up with a way to escape. There was no other choice left for him.

For Leyla’s sake, and the baby’s, they needed to leave Matthias.

The door of the room opened as soon as he wanted to tear out a handful of hair from his head. And when Kyle turned to look at who’d entered, there he was as expected.

Matthias von Herhardt.

Kyle made a deliberate discourtesy of not greeting, not that the Duke even noticed anyway.

No.

He didn’t even spare a look at Kyle. His eyes already resolutely trailed on Leyla’s recovering form. In a few short strides, Matthias was back at Leyla’s side, stroking her cheeks as though he wasn’t the one responsible for making her like this.

He hated the Duke’s eyes and hands, and how they roamed shamelessly over Leyla’s body.

“I have something to discuss with you.” the Duke spoke up first, interrupting Kyle’s murderous thoughts of him.

Kyle clenched his jaw and nodded tersely.

“So speak.” he offered rather rudely, but the Duke did not react.

“Not here,” Matthias told him as he swept Leyla’s baby hair behind her ears, and finally straightened up once more.

“But leaving Leyla alone-” Kyle began to protest when the door swung open and revealed a young nursing officer who had just entered, immediately cutting off Kyle’s concerns.

Confused at the sudden newcomer, Kyle could only look back dumbly at the Duke.

“I think this is adequate to ease your concerns,” Matthias coolly pointed out, “So come, Etman, there are things I need to discuss with you.”

“I don’t have anything to talk about with Major Herhardt.” Kyle spat, unwilling to follow any more commands from such a monster.

“This is not a request, Private Etman.” Matthias stared at him indifferently, “It’s an order by your direct superior, anything less than obedience is strictly forbidden.”

Matthias’ gaze on Kyle hardened as he pulled rank once more, making Kyle snap his lips shut in an attempt to mitigate instigating the Duke’s ire. Talking back would only prove more troublesome in the future. Leyla needed him, so for now, Kyle will hold his tongue.

But before Kyle could even answer back, Matthias turned on his heels and left the room. Kyle hesitated for a moment before he eventually got up and followed suit.

The discussion between the two men lasted longer than anticipated as soon as they began a baffling conversation.

One that Kyle Etman never expected from a cruel man.








The atmosphere of the meeting held at the 6th Army Command was quite friendly. Military plans prepared for years in preparation for the war were going smoothly, and the important goal of occupying Sienna was achieved early on. It was an achievement that mocked the people who tried so hard to avoid participating in the war at all.

“Since the 4th Army is advancing to the western front, we have decided to keep the unit here as a reserve force to stabilize the rear supply line around the occupied area for the time being.” The commander standing in front of the map said forcefully.

General von Delman, who possessed a lithe body, and wore glasses, looked very fit for someone well over sixty.

“We need to overpower the troublesome guerrillas properly.”

His eyes narrowed as his fingers went up the supply road from Berg to the southern part of Lovita to the end of the baton on the map laid out in the middle of the meeting.

Lovitans in the occupied territories kept resisting back by blocking roads or cutting telephone lines. Occasionally, attacks on supply vehicles or attacks on the Bergs were gaining momentum, which raised the commander’s anger.

“That’s why we shouldn’t get too complacent in managing these occupied areas.” General von Delman reiterated, with a small hint of regret.

He consistently expressed the need to rule the occupied area with fear, but the emperor and the crown prince felt otherwise and did not take stern orders to follow the rules specified in the international treaty.

Amongst the officers in the meeting was Matthias, who sat up straight and listened carefully to the commander’s explanation of future operations and plans.

If the situation on the battlefield remains unchanged, it is likely he will be stationed in Sienna for at least a few more weeks.

Which meant he only had a limited amount of time to send Leyla away within that same timeframe. His breathing turned ragged for a while at the thought of sending her away from him, but Matthias soon regained his composure.


“Major Herhardt.” The commander’s voice cut through sharply into his attention. He’d been grazing his eyes over the commanders in the meeting gaze as he looked through barracks when they landed on the Major.

“We need a messenger to report the situation to the rear units.” the commander began, “And thanks to the guerrillas, protected by the international treaty, making communication difficult, you’d be most suitable for the task.” He finished before his eyes narrowed challengingly at the Duke.

“Besides, aren’t you close friends to His Highness the Crown Prince?”

Regardless of what Matthias wanted, the commander had already made up his mind. He knew he couldn’t do anything to change the order.

The 8th Army in the rear units was directly led by the crown prince. He was the most difficult opponent to deal with, so choosing a messenger was also quite difficult.

“Yes, General.” Matthias accepted his orders without any protest, while his mind was already turning over plans. It would be good for Leyla to leave her room for a while. The fresh air might even do Matthias some good. “I’ll get to it at once.”

Satisfied with his compliance, the general nodded at him in the affirmative before continuing.

The task wasn’t something he would normally assign to a soldier like Major Herhardt. With the rumors going around as well, he was worried that the Major had gone insane from the war as well.

Fortunately, it seemed to be just that, rumors.

Changing his mind to give a lecture on the dignity of a noble officer, the commander concluded the meeting, finally concluding it a little early. At least this afternoon, the young officers of the Berg army would have to thank the enemy for this small respite. To be exact, to the guerrillas of the enemy country who gave him this ever-growing headache.

“This matter is urgent, so you must leave as soon as possible.” He finished with those parting words to Matthias. With a throbbing forehead, he left the conference room, effectively dismissing the meeting.

Matthias stood up from his seat, when the hat he’d been wearing, toppled off his head. When he stepped out of the building after his uniform was neat and fixed enough, the dazzling sunlight almost blinded him as stray rays hit his eyes.

The sun was high up in the sky today, and it made the world shine with it.

Matthias laughed mirthlessly at himself at the thought, was he projecting himself in nature? He wasn’t sure. However, even at that moment, his upright posture and eyes did not seem shaken at all.

“We’re all set for departure, Major.” announced the driver, who had rushed to his side.

Matthias, who nodded briefly, turned around before he climbed onto the mobile vehicle.

The car carrying him soon left the square.








The strange child was still wandering in the forest and crying incessantly. Now the sound was close enough, she could hear it from the cabin.

Is he waiting for her mother? Looking for her?

Was someone looking for the child in return?

Leyla sat on a chair on the porch and pondered over it while enjoying the wind wisping past her gently. Leyla was well acquainted with the sadness of being abandoned by a mother, one that would not return no matter how long she waited.

If they were the same, she could only feel sorry for the child.

However, Leyla could not find it in herself to go looking for the child herself. She usually wasn’t so indifferent, but she feared what she’d find if she would.

“Oh, Uncle Bill!” Leyla exclaimed joyfully and leaped up to Uncle Bill, who came back with a fully-loaded cart. Her skirt fluttered as she skipped along the steps.

“There’s a child in the forest.” She informed him, and he nodded.

“All right. I see.” Uncle Bill replied thoughtfully as he was organizing his muddy tools.

“The child keeps crying,” She pointed out, as if Uncle Bill was deaf to its cries, and tilted her head at him, “What should we do?” She asked him nervously, waiting eagerly for his solution.

“I think they’re looking for their mom.” She piped up, as she stood by his side, watching him clean his tools. “Though it’s most likely they aren’t coming for them.” She finished, with a defeated sigh.

“Then you should go.” Uncle Bill finally piped up, and Leyla blinked at him in shock and confusion.

“Me?” she looked in the general direction of where she could hear the child crying. “But… I don’t know them.” She pointed out, aghast.

“That’s weird.”’ Uncle Bill, who was still looking at Leyla, burst into laughter, looking at her with a wide smile…

Yet it was equally sad.


“Leyla, do you not know them?” He questioned, “Think harder, you might be surprised to know how much you know about them.”

“Really?” She blinked at him, before frowning, huddling closer to her uncle, “So, who is it?”’

“Me? I don’t know.” Uncle Bill shrugged playfully at her, refusing to give her any clear answer.

“Go and meet them. You’ll find out when you see them.”

After saying that, Uncle Bill took his newly cleaned tools and entered the cabin.

She wanted to follow him, but Leyla eventually changed her mind and turned toward the forest path where the child’s cry could be heard.

As soon as she reached the clearing, she saw the child. It was a little boy crouched down on the side of the road in the summer forest where the birds would be singing, all snot-nosed and sniffling.

“Hello.” Leyla, who was hesitant about what to say, called out eventually in a friendly greeting. The child lifted his tear-soaked face and looked up at Leyla. His eyes were wide and blue, as clear and pretty as glass beads.

“Why are you alone?” She couldn’t help but ask, “Where’s your mom?”

Leyla carefully took another step closer, trying to appear friendly, but the child only looked at Leyla without sound or a peep from him.

Who the hell is this kid? She couldn’t help but wonder in confusion. The more she thought further about it, the child looked familiar. Yet different and unfamiliar at the same time.

Who was he?

Leyla suddenly stopped walking. Her heart was pounding and my breathing was disturbed. Leyla quickly whipped her head and looked at the cabin at the end of the road.

Today, yesterday, and tomorrow.

They were all melding together in an endless cycle.

Deep inside her, Leyla knew she would end up only here. Where every day was the beginning of

summer. Here where the buds did not bloom, and the eggs in the water bird’s nest remained the same. The same was true of the rambunctious commotion up ahead with the return of Duke Herhardt, who’d finished his service on the overseas front.

In this peaceful time, Leyla wanted to go back to the early summer of her eighteenth year, and live in it forever!

So she shouldn’t know the child, but she had to look back, and see more of the child Uncle Bill swore she would recognize.

No.

She has to go back. She still had to prepare dinner, and after that, she would study for the test with Kyle.

But…

She thought she knew the child. She should know the child.

More specifically, she thought she knew who the child would end up to be, about 20 years later. Leyla looked at him, she saw him be just like the person she hated the most in the world.

And loved as much as she hated him.

Leyla approached the child hesitantly. As she approached, one step after another…

She felt her pick up her pace before she ran and scooped the child up in her arms, and sobbed relentlessly as she snuggled him close to her breast.

The wind around them shook the forest, whipping around the two ceaselessly. When she opened her eyes again, she was riding her bike on the road leading to Arvis again.

As she turned the corner of the street, a green-colored Platanus road unfolded. A tall man in the uniform of an officer of the Berg Empire was walking leisurely down the road.

At the moment when the sound of the chain winding harmonized with the sound of the wind shaking the leaves, Leyla’s bicycle passed by the man swiftly without a second thought.

But something in her urged her to look back. She’d regret it if she wouldn’t.

And so she did. Leyla looked back bewitched, even though she thought she shouldn’t give in to it. She made eye contact with the man who was looking at her.

The moment made her heart beat faster in her chest and muted all the sounds around her.

Leyla lost her balance.

How fortunate it was that the wheels of the fallen bicycle were spinning in vain endlessly. It was like a mirror of her, and she ended up stuck looking at it, she failed to completely notice him nearing her, until his shadows blanketed her fallen frame.

He approached her. And when she looked up, she knew at that moment everything would begin again for her too. This was her undoing, and her salvation.

So at the beginning of that summer, on such a beautiful day.

Leyla slowly opened her eyes in that clear memory. She stroked her belly first. The child responded immediately in soft fluttering kicks.

‘I’m sorry.’ She sat up and apologized several times. ‘I’m so sorry to say I don’t know you, baby.’

She took a deep breath, and raised her head, before she felt her heart jump much like it did that day.

It always would beat for him, and him alone. She had mistaken it, so wrongly to be terror or great anxiety around him. And maybe there were times it was that, but that wasn’t entirely true.

She knew it now, more certain than ever what she truly felt for him.

“Leyla!” Kyle, who’d just returned back into the room immediately rejoiced as he dropped to his knees beside where she lay.

“You’re awake!” He laughed joyfully, “You’re finally awake.” He praised.

“Oh this is great news.” He beamed at her, before holding up something for her to see. “I have some excellent news for you.”

Leyla looked back at him blankly, before looking down at what Kyle was pointing at. In his hands was a document…

and the seal on it, was the Duke’s.


Chapter 139




Last Chance







Leyla had remained silent since waking up and had been presented with the documents. She read them, and understood them, her face all calm and composed.

She didn’t know whether she should be happy, or surprised. All she knew was that she was neither of those things. Nothing but a blank slate as she read them over, she just calmly nodded her head; still as tranquil as she was from the start.

“Leyla?” Kyle called out softly for her attention. She’d been so silent, that he immediately became concerned for her. He might have inadvertently worsened her condition, springing this all up when she’d just finally recovered.

“What about him?” she finally rasped out, still calm and composed, eyes looking over the room in search of him.

“The Duke’s not here.” Kyle kindly supplied. “He’d been called elsewhere.”

“And you haven’t?”

“No, I wasn’t,” Kyle responded with equal calm, not wanting to aggravate her further. “I left to deliver you the news, he was tasked to relay a message to the rear unit, where his Highness was located.”

When Leyla remained silent, Kyle continued.

“They said it’ll take about three days to complete the assignment.”

“Three…. days.” she echoed back in a hollowed voice, repeated back his words like a child learning how

to speak.

“But it’s fine now Leyla, okay?” Kyle smiled at her eagerly, “You can leave while he’s gone. No one would stop you too, because the duke gave the order.”

“I see,” she mumbled unenthusiastically.

“So you don’t have to worry anymore, Leyla.” Kyle told her soothingly, “Those documents were also drafted by the duke himself. His promise to never go after you.”


Promise. Her mind echoed uselessly. She glanced down at the documents once more and re-read them all over again, her mind still refusing to understand it.

The Duke promised to lay the groundwork for Leyla Lewellin and her child to live without any inconvenience. It was neither out of sympathy, nor a sense of duty for impregnating her after all. Just the bare minimum effort should she allow it. He even added a clause that no one would interfere nor inconvenience Leyla at all, not unless she would allow it.

He also guaranteed that the child in her womb would be named Matthias von Herhardt’s legitimate child, should she choose to allow it. But regardless of whether she did or not, she was free to raise her child as she saw fit.

He concluded it with an irrevocable acceptance of whatever she desired from him. Her wishes would not be contested.

Yet despite this, there too were still conditions she needed to fulfill. Seeing as she’s still pregnant, she will be housed in the safest region in Berg Empire territory. Should she decide to leave at a later time, she was welcome to do so, but only after she’d given birth.

It was his only stipulation, everything else was for her to decide to do.

Whether she’d go to Ratz, she had the Herhardt family lawyers at her disposal to assist in whatever she wanted to make happen.

Choice.

Respect.

Freedom.

All these three were perfectly outlined in the document, something in her twisting and coiling uncomfortably. Freedom to choose and respect for her decisions. She stared at the document that prioritized her will more than anything else. Something like that was non-existent for the entirety of the time she spent with him. This seemed too good to be true, yet why did she feel so empty now he was letting her go?

‘That morning’s conversation was not a dream.’

The single thought made her freeze. Unable to comprehend what’s next now.

“It’s too much to travel now, right?” Kyle asked Leyla impatiently. “How about leaving tomorrow?”

One look in her eyes made Kyle know that she was still too unfocused. He knew it. The news was brought too soon, too eagerly. He didn’t want to push Leyla to make a decision now, not when she hadn’t fully healed yet, but in his excitement, he forgot how fragile she still was.


In his defence, the Duke offering such a thing was completely surreal for him. He’d seen the Duke’s madness, with or without Leyla, and he’d hardly seemed willing to let her go, even when it meant killing his child.

How can he just let Leyla go? A complete 180-decision, and not a moment too soon after he swore he’d kill his child.

Even with the documents, it was still unbelievable. Which also contributed more to Kyle’s anxiety in the whole change of heart. His tune changed too quickly before, who knows how long it would take before he changes his tune again?

He’d been instructed to move in with Leyla while he was away from Sienna. They were already preparing for them a place to stay in, instead of a random house damaged by the bombing.

He figured she could stay there for the time being to recover enough to be able to handle the long journey back to Berg. And then they’d settle in Ratz.

This was the final order the Duke gave him before he left.

“Are you okay, Leyla?” he asked tentatively, and she finally looked up at him, eyes indecipherable and blank as she looked at him.

“You must still be in shock,” he began softly, smiling at her with understanding. “I know this is a lot to take in, I, too, thought it surreal.”

Kyle reached out, grasped her frail fists, and wrapped warm, gentle hands around hers. He barely held back his excitement as he knew well that it was still too early for him to celebrate.

So cold. She still felt so cold.

Where was her warmth?

“But I promise you, this is real. There is no longer any reason for you to be scared.” He beamed at her, excited for her. Now she could be free from the Duke.

He got Leyla back. His insides were giddy, and his heart full. He could almost burst into happiness at her freedom. Things could go back to the way it was before…

That summer when they were still barely adults before everything went wrong and kept going wrong.

A movement and she pulled away from him and placed the documents in her hand on the side table.

She looked at it blankly, before gingerly, she swung her legs over the bed and stood up.

Kyle instinctively reached out to help her stand, but she shook her head tersely in denial.

She wanted no help. But she couldn’t help feeling lost and empty.


So he followed her tentatively, vigilant to help should she need him. She walked a few more paces, sluggish and stumbling quite a few times as she approached the door.

The door that kept her locked in.

Frail hands wrapped around the cool metal of the knob. And she twisted.

It swung open.

The door creaked, and her eyes watered at the sight of the open door. While battered and bruised from the locks it once held, the wood of the door was completely devoid of any of it now. Her fingertips trailed in awe at the indents of the missing locks.

No more resistance in front of her, between her, and around her.

She’d gotten away.

She was truly free of him.



The car stopped once more, its wheels getting stuck in another pit of mud. It frustrated The driver so much with how much it kept happening, that by now, he gave up on getting there within schedule.

“I’m sorry, Major.” Apologized the troubled driver. Matthias only gave him a slight nod of acknowledgment before he got out of the car.

The downpour of rain for the past two days had practically turned the muddied road into mush. But it was the best route they could take, with the rest of the proper roads and bridges turned to rubble by the ongoing war.

“The sun is going to set soon, by then it’ll be too dangerous to move at night.” Said the lieutenant with a concerned look as he observed the skies overhead. Sunset would begin soon.

“If we continue with our course, we’ll reach a base for our unit within an hour.” Matthias assessed. “Let’s stop there for the night.”

“Yes, Major.” Agreed the lieutenant, immediately heading off to help the other two soldiers in pushing their vehicle out of the mud pit, while barking orders.

Matthias took note of the time, before pulling out a single stick of cigarette, and lit it up. He smoked for a moment before he started to ask himself the questions he’d never answer.

Once he returns, he knows he won’t be with Leyla anymore. But that didn’t mean he wanted to waste his time like this either.

But that’s just it.

His whole time and existence will end up being wasted without her by his side.

A bitter smile appeared on his lips, recognizing the growing nervousness in himself. His days will end up like this.

Full of blandness and routine. Nothing will change in his life anymore now that she would leave him.

Perhaps he should also hurry up and let her go as well.

The front here was stable. Even if the guerrilla is in trouble, it will not be difficult to advance because the troops and supply lines in the rear are stable. However, the crown prince was concerned about the overly quiet Confederate forces.

Matthias himself had the same concern.

They had a huge setback from the beginning, and even now, the enemy’s strategic locations are falling more quickly than before. It was an odd pattern. It didn’t add up at all.

While the rest of their troops thought it to be an overwhelming victory, a small voice in the back of his head kept reminding him of the possibility it was a strategic loss instead of the Lovitan forces.

What if there was a trap being put in place? What if at this very moment, the supply routes for the Berg army are being blocked and scavenged, especially now that they’re deep in Lovitan territory?

The crown prince expressed concern assuming the worst case. Of course, General Fondelman, who is confident that there are no more countries left to help the Confederacy, will not back down Emperor’s will.

It was Ettar, the kingdom across the sea, who held the key to the situation. They, who were the most trusted allies of Lovita, have already been sluggish for months and avoiding participation.

It would be nice to remain as a traitor, but it was difficult to be optimistic because Lovita would try to drag them down to the front even if it grabbed them by the collar.

If any counterattack begins, Sienna will turn into ground zero of a full-scale war between the two regions.

Before that could happen, he needed to quickly find a way to send Leyla back to Berg.

“It’s over, Major!”

The soldiers who were ready to depart raised their voices and called him.

Matthias, who finally stopped smoking as he stomped out the cigarette into the cold, muddy ground, began heading towards them when he suddenly stopped with a frown.

His eyes narrowed as he immediately began scanning their surroundings. Noticing the sudden change in him, one of his soldiers thought to point it out.


“Major, are there more prob-” he was immediately hushed when Matthias held a hand up to stop him from speaking any further. The rest of his men also stopped whatever they’d been doing, waiting for what Matthias was seeing to make itself known to them as well.

They were already near the base, but that didn’t matter.

With no warning aside from the ominous churning in their guts, men from all around them sprung up in camouflaged outfits and ambushed them!

Gunshots rang throughout the desolate road, and birds had fled from the trees they’d rested in, effectively disturbing the once peaceful country road.



Three days had passed since they left. Yet there wasn’t a sight of him returning.

Leyla couldn’t help but fret over his absence. Her mind was unable to settle with not knowing where he could be as she stayed vigilant by the window, waiting to catch any sight of him.

With a click and a turn on the door’s knob behind her, her heart leaped from her chest in anticipation, before she saw who it had just arrived.

Her heart felt a little dismayed upon seeing it was Kyle.

Kyle was looking at her with an encouraging and gentle smile.

“Are you ready?” he asked her kindly.

Deep down, he tried not to show his disappointment at seeing how eager Leyla still was to wait for the Duke’s return. He knew that’s why she kept watching by the window.

She wanted to see the Duke return.

“It’s time to go now, Leyla.” He gently prodded. He knew it was still difficult for her to move around, much less travel back to Berg but anywhere was better than staying in what is essentially a warzone. Especially for a pregnant woman.

“Kyle…” Leyla began to protest, but Kyle decided to push forward.

“This is all you need, right?” he asked as he calmly picked up her luggage bag at the end of the bed, trying to keep his tone light and kind.

“I’m… Kyle…” She persisted, and at this, he couldn’t help but sigh.

“You have to leave the man, Leyla.” He urged her, his expression turning serious and pleading as he looked her in the eye.


He wasn’t going to lie to himself, or to her. But since the Duke told him of letting go of Leyla, he’d succumbed to his fantasies of living his dream of being with Leyla.

The war would soon end, and they’d live in Ratz, wed with each other and he’d raise her kid like his own.

And somewhere along the years they’d be together, perhaps raising his child with her too.

They’d be the happy family they’d always dreamed of having. He was on cloud nine until he saw Leyla’s reaction upon waking up.

He was not what she wanted in the end.

“I’m not trying to force you to come back to me.” Kyle added when she saw her beginning to protest once more, “I thought you knew me better than that, Leyla.” he smiled sadly at her.

His wishful thinking was just that. A fairytale-like future that would forever remain in his mind, but never in reality.

He already knew it. He wasn’t going to lie to himself about this either. After all, he’d been her best friend first, before she accepted him as her lover.

And that was the Kyle she wanted. The Kyle she missed. Not him who loved her, but he who was just content to be her friend.

He’d want nothing more than to play the blind fool in love with her. But he can’t forever play the fool or be blind to the truth.

Leyla would never want him to raise a child, not his own. Even more so when she doesn’t love him as much as he loves her.

It was her undeniable truth. Their undeniable truth.

But that didn’t mean he didn’t want to see her find her happiness and heal from all the hurt she’d gone through.

He’d learn to be content as her friend instead because as much as he wanted to be with her, he’d rather see her happy instead.

“All I want is for you to be happy.” He began, a frown marring his features as he looked at her, “And forgive me for saying this, but that man can never make you and the child happy.”

With all the things the Duke did to her, was willing to do to her…

All he’d seen was Leyla suffering just to be by his side. And she’d not had a single moment to heal any of the hurt before he gave her more and newer traumas.

It would mess anyone up. And Leyla was no exception.


“You’re not in the right mindset right now.” Kyle explained to her gently, “Believe it or not, this whole ordeal left you quite unable to make proper judgments as of this moment. So please, can you trust me for now?”

Unable to contest his claims, Leyla fell silent as she fretted over what her head was saying and what Kyle was telling her.

She should be able to understand him. After all, it wasn’t as though Kyle was lying to her.

He’d bullied her, blackmailed, and raped her. Coerced her forcefully or willingly to be with him. It was obvious he didn’t love her at all. Everything was just an obsession and desire thought to be love.

But it wasn’t.

Love shouldn’t have to hurt.

It was not love at all, even when she thought it could be.

Kyle, who approached, held Leyla’s hand. And slowly, but firmly moved toward the door of the room. Leyla followed Kyle in a dazed mood as if walking on a cloud, unable to see beyond her worries about leaving the Duke behind.

To see she had left him behind.

Just as the door in front of her opened up, Marquis Lindman showed up in front of them, making their trek outside the room come to a halt.

“Are you going to leave?” He asked with no qualms, as he leaned against the wall in front of them.

His eyes were sharp and indifferent, even as his gaze landed on her.

“Miss Lewellin, are you going to just leave him?”

“The Duke himself allowed her to leave.” Kyle shot back at him with a stern glare, “So this isn’t any of your concern.”

He blocked Riette from getting closer to Leyla, and the nobleman’s attention shifted to him.

“You think you’re different from him?” He asked Kyle critically, who bristled at the implication.

“We’re in a hurry, Marquis Lindman, so if you’ll excuse us, we have places to be.” Kyle huffed out indignantly, trying to lead Leyla away when Riette persisted.

“Look, I’m not making any excuses for Matthias, okay? He’s sick and crazy for doing those things, but-” He looked pleadingly at Leyla, whose eyes were now on him, looking from behind Kyle’s shoulder.

Looking at him expectantly as if she was just waiting for a reason to stay.

“Ms. Lewellin, he came all this way just for you.”

“Marquis!”

“Matthias wouldn’t do that for just anyone. Wouldn’t give up his marriage, and volunteer for a high-risk mission when he had an out.”

Riette persisted, and Leyla’s heart clenched in her chest.

“Wouldn’t come all this way to get you back if he didn’t have feelings.”

He looked so earnest, pleading with her to understand. But she couldn’t let her hopes get up.

He’s only obsessed with her.

He’s only ever wanted her because she was beautiful and easy to break when he wanted. Nothing more.

“What are you talking about?” She murmured, her heart already filling with treacherous hope.

“He broke off his engagement, just before volunteering to take the lead on this front. So he can come to get you back from Sienna.” Riette informed her.

He looked bashful and embarrassed in admitting it, just as Leyla’s cheeks flushed with warmth and happiness at hearing about his effort to come to get her.

“It changes nothing.” Kyle interjects seriously as he glares at Riette, “He’s letting Leyla go because he knows it’s what’s best for her.”

At this, he turned to Leyla.

“And just because he’s not marrying Lady Claudine, does not negate every horrible thing he’s done to you either.”

“No, Kyle-“

“And if you think it’s for the child’s best interest, then think again as well, Leyla,” Kyle continued, “Do you truly think, after what he just tried to do, he’d make a good father?”

Her child.

That’s right. She had her child to think about.

At the sudden reminder, Leyla looked down to look at her swollen belly.

His feelings, whatever they were, they’re not normal. Whatever he feels for her and her child, would never be.

Perhaps he knew this fact too, and that’s why he finally let her go.

Set her free.

Set them both free of him.

“Miss Lewellin-” Riette tried protesting by urging her to search for his feelings and ignore logic instead, but Kyle stood resolutely between them, calling for her to think rationally rather than with her heart.

“Please, just give him one last chance.” Riette pleaded with her, “Be his miracle.”

Kyle looked at her softly, yet imploringly all the same.

“It’s time to go, Leyla.”
















Chapter 140




That’s All







It was a day later, in the afternoon, when the unit they sent out to send a message to their prince finally returned. Everyone felt relief upon their return, but it soon turned into a grim atmosphere upon seeing the state of their soldiers. Upon giving their report, the higher-ups were made aware about the ambush they encountered. One of them got injured by a gunshot and had immediately been rushed to their makeshift infirmary to get treated.

The others, who had minor injuries, were treated briefly before they immediately resumed their way back to Sienna.

As soon as they arrived, it was only then revealed that the injured party was none other than Matthias von Herhardt. He’d forgone getting treated as he prioritized informing the Crown Prince first of the


recent developments. As soon as Riette heard the news, he immediately made his way towards the infirmary, just in time to see Matthias finishing his treatment.

“I heard you got hurt. Are you okay?” Riette asked with great concern, eyes raking over his cousin’s figure worriedly. He didn’t look to be in pain, or in any way injured at all.

Had he heard wrong after all?

Without bothering to acknowledge, or even answer his question, Matthias just bypassed him with an indifferent expression, carrying the unmistakable smell of disinfectant.

“Hey, answer me! Where did you get hurt? How did you get hurt?” Riette asked after him, hastily matching his strides, “And what happened with Miss Lewellin?! Why did you let her go so suddenly, huh? Answer me!” Riette demanded when Matthias made no indication he was even listening to him.

He remained resolutely silent for a few moments, before half-heartedly answering the questions sent his way before leaving him in the dust once again.

Not even a single emotion was shown on Matthias’ face as he answered the questions nonchalantly.

He’d gone back to that perfect Duke of Arvis persona of his, and Riette didn’t like how he regressed to his usual self.

“Has the war made you deaf, after all?” Riette asked in disbelief, still persistent in getting answers. Real answers.

He’d seen how Matthias was all his life. Known for his stubbornness and wilfulness all his life.

There was no way he’d let go of Leyla so easily, and go back to the shell he once was. Not when he’d seen how crazy Matthias had acted when it came to Leyla. And now he’d just let her go like that? Back in the arms of the doctor’s son, no less?

It was unbelievable. And that’s why Riette couldn’t help but feel so unsettled by this abrupt change. It was so unlike Matthias. The Matthias they all knew to be.

They soon reached Room 308, and Matthias stood in front of it with darkened eyes.

The first indication Riette had that his cousin was indeed affected by these things.

He can’t even hide his current displeasure from Riette right now. The conflict was warring visibly in his expression.

His anger, his acceptance.

His resignation, and his expectations.


They emerged back and forth as if Matthias is arguing deep within himself about how he should handle these things. Anyone else would have missed these minuscule facial changes. But Riette has been watching Matthias all his life.

He’d learned to read him in that time as well. The word was at the tip of his tongue but…

‘Dickhead’ Riette thought instead, unwilling to say anything worse about his cousin, even in the shelter of his mind. He pursed his lips to a thin line as he waited to see what Matthias would do.

Wasting not a moment more, Matthias reached out to grasp the handle of the door and twisted.

As soon as it opened, it revealed a well-lit room, from the shining sun outside the room’s windows.

Every mess he’d seen before he left, was now pristinely arranged and fixed.

There wasn’t even a trace of a woman’s touch left behind.

Not a trace of Leyla was left for him.

Matthias remained there for some time as he had wrapped and held the door handle with whitened knuckles. His eyes wandered all over the room in silence. On Matthias’ face was a slight, yet despairing smile.

He did it. He finally did it.

He let her go, and she left.

And took his purpose and heart with her in the process.

And yet instead of the burning need to have her back, the obsession to know where she’d gone and the madness of her leaving him overwhelming him like it once did…

There was only a calm acceptance washing over him.

Leyla was forever lost to him after all.

She wouldn’t forever be his, after all.

And it made him feel so empty inside. Yet for now, the emptiness was bearable. Manageable.

There was no point in denying it. All he had left to do was to get used to the empty feeling inside him with time. For this is how he’ll live out the rest of his life without her by his side.

Matthias, finally and quietly, crossed the threshold of the room. Riette dutifully followed after him.

“The guts you have, doing such a crazy thing just to end up like this.” Riette finally spoke up, “You left Claudine behind, and insulted her in front of many people, just to come here, and proceed to torment Miss Lewellin. And you let her go, just like that?”


Riette couldn’t help but ask incredulously. The anger in him simmered up to a boil the more he thought of all the trouble Matthias left in his wake to pursue a woman, who he was just going to let leave so easily.

It was insulting as it was despicable.

Matthias only proceeded to unload his things and change his clothes to more comfortable ones.

Riette wanted to keep going, to let rip the insults and curses he had prepared for Matthias when he finally caught sight of the bloodied shirt underneath the thick and dark coat of their army on Matthias.

A shiver runs up his spine at the amount of blood on it.

Ignoring his sudden silence, Matthias removed his bloodied shirt, to reveal his bandaged torso, which seemed to be sporting an ever-growing red spot, albeit minutely.

“That’s where you were shot.”

“It barely grazed my skin,” Matthias answered dryly before he laid down on the bed and he finally looked at Riette, who’d begun to approach him, swearing under his breath at Matthias’ lack of self-care.

“Judging by how you look, you should be hospitalized.”

“This is the battlefield.”

“Exactly. It’s a battlefield. Getting shot could get you killed!”

Riette knew that hospitalization or transportation to the rear units where it was safer was next to impossible being this deep in a war zone, especially with this type of injury during the war. But he couldn’t control his worry over his cousin.

And yet Matthias remained to stare at him unbothered by his still-bleeding wound, leaning against the head cushion.

“You’re crazy,” Riette muttered softly, to which Matthias acknowledged with a mirthless chuckle. At that moment, great fatigue washed over Matthias’ face, broke eye contact with him, and just stared off into the space in front of him.

“I want to rest, Riette.” He answered.

The first real answer he gave Riette since his return. Blinking his eyes back slowly, he could faintly hear his cousin muttering more about his craziness, but Matthias couldn’t find it in himself to contest the claim.

His woman just left him, presumably to be taken care of by someone else that wasn’t him, and would never be him. And he’s stuck here in the middle of the war, pretending he was fine with all of this.

Indeed, only a crazy man would live through this.


Riette watched as Matthias kept smirking to himself before his cousin slowly swung an arm over his eyes to block out the sun from hitting his eyes.

He watched as Matthias’ breathing evened out to slow, and rhythmic breathing, before Riette finally decided to leave him alone.







“It’s hot.”

It was what she said on the last night they spent together.

Leyla, who woke up after tossing and turning, whispered to him with her eyes wide open. Of course, Matthias thought she saw him as either Bill Remmer or Kyle Etman, and looked at her with a disdainful expression.

“It’s hot. It’s frustrating.”’ She kept complaining before she pulled the blanket down, acting like an irritated child about to throw a tantrum.

Matthias moved to stop her before he went to the bathroom and brought a towel soaked in cold water. Lately, he’d gotten good at wiping only the edge of her forehead gently so that her body temperature did not drop too much.

“I want to go out!” Leyla whined again at him, just as soon as he put down the wet towel. Eyeing her dryly, he quickly noted she was still half-asleep the entire time.

Matthias sat in a chair on the side of the bed and covered it with the blanket that Leyla had removed in her fit.

“This is frustrating! I want to go get some fresh air!”

“Not now.” Matthias whispered sternly, even as he soothed and swept Leyla’s hair away from covering her forehead. Leyla’s pale face was as clear as the light of dawn when she asked

“It’s still cold and dark outside, Leyla.”

“But I still want to go! I’m going to do whatever I want!” She huffed out before she blinked back bleary eyes as she stared right into his eyes, “I live to torment you, after all. I need to.” She grumbled, even half-delirious.

Matthias’ chest tightened.

“Leyla-“

“I hate you so much…” she trailed off, “So I’m going to torture you as much as I can.’’

Her threats would have sounded more convincing if it wasn’t for the obvious fact she was falling right back asleep. She was sleep-drunk, and actively insulting him, but he couldn’t help but smile anyway now that she was seeing him.

He could live with her like this, every day. He’d accept her hate if he couldn’t have her love.

“So torture me.” He begged her, even as he whispered the words enticingly at her. Leyla’s eyes only became blank at his answer. Blinking fast as she fought hard to stay awake to keep her torment over him.

“Torture me, as much as you want.”

“Really?” she asked, eyes wide, yet still on the verge of sleep.

“Really.”

She hummed, eyes closed as though she was deep in thought.

Her next words were beginning to sound slurry.

“Of course, you have to.” Her eyes were already half-closed. She proceeded to mutter a few incoherent words after that but soon returned to a night of deep sleep.

Matthias, who had been looking at the figure endlessly, reached out to hold Leyla’s limp hand before he turned to the window, and watched as the morning dawned and the warm sun shone. The window was opened up a little, and let the sea breeze that blew in envelop him in a pleasantly cool and soft feeling.

With Leyla’s hands held tightly, he sat down deeply against the nearby chair, enjoying the sun and wind, and before his eyes drifted closed slowly.

The lovely woman who looked at him not too long ago as though she was pampering him with affection, was about to disappear the moment she woke up. Reality will come again and destroy his fantasy.

Her eyes would continue to look at him with great disdain and rejection.

She’d never change how she felt about him.

And so he planted his last forehead kiss on her sleepy head. Just for this moment, he would think this as a continuation of their lovely times together, even as she revealed her love to him back then to be all just a lie.

Let him have this moment with her.

This would be his last after all.

So that the intimate and sweet time can be kept as the last memory of the time we spent together.

Matthias was content to bring this memory to his grave.

That was enough.

It had to be.

It wasn’t until the long sunset of the impending evening that Matthias lowered his arm from covering his face. His gaze at the rosy sky was as still as the serene evening landscape.

He was alone.

He let her go, and she left. And he was left behind.

That was all.








The person who delivered the gift box to Leyla was the soldier who organized and brought the luggage from home.

“It seems like an important item.”

When Leyla looked at him curiously, he hesitated to explain.

“It was in the box. The box in the kitchen, next to the grocery box.”

“Ah…” Leyla’s eyes widened in realization. It was Uncle Bill’s belongings!

She had ignored it at first, unable to see the last vestiges of the man she considered her father. And then Matthias happened, and she forgot about it completely!

Leyla hurriedly accepted it after thanking him. After the soldier who carried the luggage to the room left, Leyla found herself to be alone again.

She sat on a chair by the window with a box tied with a pretty ribbon in her hand. Her residence was a small wooden house on the side of the road near the beach. Most of the furniture remained intact as if the landlord’s family had rushed to evacuate.

She felt ashamed to be living in such a nice house, so Leyla decided to use the guest bedroom. She wanted to just stay quiet for a while here, and leave no trace she’d live in the house when she would move again.

Because she resolved she would be leaving.

She needed to leave.

Over and over she muttered the words to herself, to remind her not to stay and hope for more. It was just not realistic.

But why did every distance she put between her and him, left her feeling like she was being choked up by a collar in her neck?

Matthias reportedly returned to Sienna a day later than expected. That was all Kyle said, and Leyla didn’t dare ask anymore.

She needed to remind herself it was all over now.

She couldn’t believe it, but it was. Kyle was right. Just because he ended up not marrying Claudine didn’t make everything he did to her valid. That much she could see he was right about.

But her days were still spent with her obsessing over the Duke, even as she watched over the peaceful scenery beyond the window. Gone was the intense sadness, pain, and hate in her heart as the reality of him setting her free finally settled in her.

What was left behind was just the hollow feeling that she was alone.

Again.

It was not until the evening, when the nursing officer was supposed to stop by, that Leyla caught herself looking at the empty road in a daze. She saw the box of Uncle Bill’s things.

And then an impulse came over her!

All of a sudden, she found herself unwrapping the ribbon on the box, and placing it on her knee. As soon as she lifted the lid off…

Her hands began to tremble at the sight of its contents.

In it…

Was a beautiful pair of baby shoes.

‘He knew…’ was her first thought, before laughter and tears welled out of her as she gazed at Uncle Bill’s final gift to her.

To them.

‘I have something to tell you, so let’s have a party.’

It didn’t click in her at all, until this very moment what her uncle meant while saying those words as he kept stroking her head. He must have been trying to welcome the child, with such a pretty gift.

He must have wanted to tell her she didn’t have to hide anything from him at all.

For just as he loved an orphaned girl who suddenly appeared in the mail carriage one day, he was willing to love her child, too.

‘Uncle…’ tears kept spilling out of her, even as she wailed and laughed at the same time.

A few moments later, now calmed down, Leyla got up after scrubbing her wet eyes. The white baby shoes were put back in a box and packed deep into the luggage bag.

‘I’ll live well.’ Leyla promised her Uncle’s soul.

She was alone for now, but not forever. She still had a purpose.

And now every hollow feeling that filled her heart, was soon replaced with overwhelming acceptance and grief at the same time. She hadn’t imagined she’d get this far without him, but she made a promise to Uncle Bill.

She can do anything if he believes her. She’d grow up to become a decent adult and do everything well. He made sure to allow her to be one. Made sure she knew, even as he died, that he believed in her ability and capability.

Still believes in her, even.

So it was her turn now to believe in herself. She had to repay him because he believed her.

“Let’s leave, baby,” Leyla said resolutely to the child who was yet to be born. Uncle Bill wouldn’t want to see his daughter sitting helplessly like this.

The Duke will keep his promise. She knew that.

He was just that kind of man. He was cruel and mean, but he kept his promises, no matter how twisted they got.

Leyla still hated him. She didn’t think she would ever forgive him for the things he made her do. But oddly enough, she trusted him without fail.

Just as his feelings for Leyla were not normal, so were Leyla’s feelings for him.

She hated him, yet she longed to stay with him too.

They were like that. They’d always been like that. And that was not normal. It was not healthy.

She watched as the sunset began out of the window, and finally, Leyla learned to stop closing the curtains from falling before her story would even end.





Matthias stopped on the road where Leyla’s residence could be seen.

He found himself always stopping by. Checking up on her when he could. He would wander on this road several times a day, but he never crossed the line he drew.

Matthias knew it wouldn’t be easy letting her go.

He wanted to see her, but the desperate need in him stubbornly remained. He knew he shouldn’t. But like an addict trying to get clean, he needed to wean her out of his system, bit by bit.

And then he won’t end up looking for her when she’d truly be unreachable for him.

It was still hard for him to turn around and leave her be, not when he knew she was just within reach. He was as presentable as ever and made sure to clean up nicely whenever he’d stop by several times a day but…

He knew nothing would change beyond this.

He’d be stuck always watching her from afar. And he’d have to live with this. He would be okay, eventually.

As long as she lived well, and he could see her, even at a distance every once in a while, he’d be okay.

Therefore, he had to endure this kind of life well.

He knew that sometimes, Leyla would be informed of some news about the Duke of Arvis. The news didn’t shy away from any mentions of him after all, and even if he was broken up inside with her leaving, he didn’t want to appear affected by it. He had a reputation and image to keep after all.

But it didn’t stop him from thinking about her day in and day out.

She was his first love.

And she would also be his last love.

Of course, Matthias intended to survive the life of an empty shell. As long as Leyla is alive somewhere in the world, he would survive being without her.

But he didn’t think there would be a day in this life when he would love and yearn for someone again.

Someone who wasn’t Leyla.

No one else was as beautiful and as desirable as her.


If Leyla didn’t exist, he wouldn’t ever know what real beauty looks like. Even if she’d been gone, no one would ever compare to her. They would all fall short, without fail.

So he’d live as a shell, a sham of a human, for as long as he breathes.

So Matthias turned away again, hoping that this wound would never heal from her. The edge of his coat shook behind him as he walked slowly, the chill of the wind making it flutter around him as he walked away.

Even though he knew he would come back here again, and leave without seeing her once, he visited this place every day in perfect shape, not wanting to look less than his best for her.

Just in case he ran into Leyla by chance.

If he had to be hated anyway, he wanted to at least be a wonderful man physically for her. Even if it was meaningless for Leyla, Matthias hoped it counted for something at least.

Laughing mirthlessly to himself about the stubborn pride he had over his image, Matthias found himself returning to the town’s square.

The air around the Berg Army had shifted. He didn’t know what caused it, but he just knew something had changed since he’d been gone to visit an oblivious Leyla.

There was a sense of urgency, and anxiety in the air, even as the soldiers weren’t actively trying to prepare for any confrontation with enemy soldiers.

“Major!” a soldier called for him, hurriedly rushing to his side and saluting him upon sight of him.

Matthias frowned, sensing trouble already was here. A sensation backed upon by the message just relayed to him.

“Ettar’s army has joined Sienna’s landing operation. An emergency meeting has been called and all commanders have been ordered to attend!”


Chapter 141




I’m Here







A blockade was issued as soon as the war clouds began to roll by. The order was immediately relayed to all civilians. Movement in and out of the city was immediately suspended, hence no one could either enter or escape from the city.

Kyle paced in front of the headquarters with a worried look on his face as he wandered about the barracks.

It had come so quickly and left them all rattled and unprepared, as such, the plan to send Leyla back to Berg was halted.

Everything had suddenly gone wrong in such a short time.

Ettar, who became a traitor and put the entire Berg Confederacy in trouble, eventually decided to participate in the war and sided with Lovita. And Sienna ended up being in the middle of the warzone, seeing as the surrounding regions of both confederates soon began to pick their sides.

Most of the higher-ups feared an imminent recapture of Sienna would soon take place.

Kyle’s expression after checking the watch on his wrist became more anxious. He could no longer afford to wait for Leyla to recover sufficiently, or even wait for the legal documents to come through to allow them to travel back to Berg. There wasn’t any news from command, but the alert that the enemy was just around the corner made things so tense around the barracks, it could be seen plainly by the urgency in each soldier’s actions around camp.

Gone was the easy-going air around the camp before, now replaced with baited breaths and tense postures as everything could go wrong at a snap of a finger.

Sienna had once again become a dangerous battlefield that could be engulfed in gunfire at any moment. Thus the need to get Leyla out of this city right now was becoming more imperative, but how would they break through the blockade?

When the hot bloods in command managed to calm down enough, the officers finally left the privacy of the command tent after the high-tension meeting.

Kyle found Mathias in a heartbeat.


As expected, he acted no differently than usual. They both met each other’s eyes from time to time before they would part ways. This time, Kyle needed him.

“What’s happening in the borders?” Kyle urgently asked after him, strides matching the Major hurriedly.

He needed to have hope they still had some time to leave.

But Matthias’ gaze only hardened. He needed not to say a word more. Kyle knew they won’t be allowed to leave now.

“Then Leyla…” Kyle trailed off with a muttered fretting, but Matthias finally spoke up, interrupting his worries.

“Leyla will leave Sienna soon,” Matthias spoke confidently to him. Kyle frowned in confusion.

“But aren’t civilians forbidden to pass through the blockade as well?” His question was ignored, Matthias continued.

“Kyle Etman, can you drive?”

“What?” Kyle frowned, before hesitantly answering, “Yes, I can. But why are you…” Kyle trailed off as he followed the stern gaze Matthias had off at a distance.

On the other end of his gaze, was a row of rushing ambulances in and out of the camp. This had been going back and forth for a while now since the issuance of the blockade.

As far as they knew, critical patients are being transported out of their camps, and towards the military hospital nearby, yet far enough away to be safe from any enemy attacks.

“Are you seriously thinking-” Kyle looked to the Duke incredulously, who only gave him a pointed stare.

Silence reigned between them as the two men made a wordless conversation.

Whatever the Duke was planning, it was clear that he had already made up his mind.



Leyla closed the luggage bag after checking it one last time.

She then put on thick-soled shoes, as well as buttoned a thick winter coat tightly around her frail body.

All that was left for her to do was to go out to the meeting place at the time Kyle specified for her.

She had finished early with a few hours left before she needed to leave, but her nerves were beginning to become frazzled. Things were progressing much more quickly than she thought they would be, and now she found herself having to escape from Sienna in just a few short hours.

She never expected to be this nervous about leaving Sienna.


Kyle had informed her that he was put in charge of driving an ambulance to transport a critically ill patient outside of Sienna and towards the rear units where the military hospital was located.

He gave her specific instructions that she would need to hide in the ambulance so they can get out of the blocked city. Accompanying them was Marquis Lindman, who had been summoned to return to the rear unit as well.

He made no mention of Matthias at all, but Leyla just knew he was the mastermind in this risky escape plan for her. Who else would come up with such a scheme just so she’d be safe after all?

She can’t be wrong about this.

But it seemed the time for her to leave him had finally come as well.

Leyla had thought about everything over and over again as she prepared to leave. It was all she found herself being able to do.

She’s about to leave this city, the man, and the days of oppression by him would soon be nothing but memories for her.

To forget everything and start a new beginning with her child. There will be no shadow of a Duke anywhere in that future life.

That’s right.

This was the best thing to happen to both him and her.

Unable to sit in her thoughts in silence anymore, Leyla rushed to open the curtains a little. The bright pale white light from the moon immediately flooded the room she was in.

Marquis Lindman said he would come around to pick her up here while Kyle would busy himself driving the ambulance he was assigned to, towards the specified location. She will go with him to where Kyle would be waiting for them.

A simple plan, hardly anything would go wrong if nothing interfered.

And least of all, Matthias will not come to even bid her goodbye.

Her chest clenches at the thought. He was letting her leave. She knew he was a man of his word, but still…

Unbidden, her hand came to rub her swollen belly in yearning. Her child would have to leave behind a good father.

She can’t help but mourn for the bond they would never have.




This should be a secret that only three to four people would know. For Matthias’ sake, Riette had kept his thoughts to himself, but everyone in on it already knew.

Violating the military order given by the commander during the war is a serious crime that cannot be covered, or pardoned by any brilliant acts or miracles Matthias was planning to make during the war. He wanted to know why his cousin would go to such great lengths to do something so criminal that it could lead him to be tried in front of a military court.

And what he was thinking at the moment he agreed to help him do it!

Riette splashed water on his face and wiped it dry after a deep sigh. Across from him, Matthias sat.

Both cousins were now seated and staring at the darkness beyond the window with contemplative looks. Gone was the intense look he had when outlining his plan to sneak Leyla through the blockade moments earlier.

“You can leave.” He dismissed as if he had sensed Riette’s anxiety. Their eyes met each other, but Riette made no move to leave just yet.

“Is there nothing else I can do besides this?” Riette had to ask.

He knew what he had to do. He was just to head to the ambulance and returned to the rear units, where he’d been originally assigned to.

Now if he were to fetch and bring Leyla along on his way to the ambulance, that wasn’t exactly disobeying orders. He’s still hitching a ride out of Sienna in an ambulance, after all. Just an ambulance with a stowaway.

Officers leaving the barracks during a war weren’t necessarily out of place. An officer in a hurry to leave in the threat of war during a blockade even more so. Hence, their leaving wouldn’t raise any eyebrows or bring any unnecessary attention to them.

Not unless they catch wind that Leyla would be coming along with them.

“Well then, I’ll consider this as a debt paid.” Riette sighed, “But not with you, Duke.”

“Debt?” Matthias’ eyes narrowed at his cousin’s words possessively, and Riette would have scoffed in amusement if he wasn’t so relieved to find an ounce of expression in the stoic man.

“It was a while ago when I joked around Miss Lewellin and caused her an accident.” Riette explained, “So I’ll do this one risky thing for her. As penance for my teasing from before.”

A beat of silence reigned between them before Matthias spoke up.

“I guess you’ll propose to Claudine soon now that our engagement is broken off officially, right?”

Riette blinked in surprise.

“H-how can you tell?”

Matthias only smirked at his look of surprise. To be honest, Riette expected Matthias to be a little mean and callous about this, but he seemed so at ease. As if there was nothing to worry about.

“How long have you known?” Riette couldn’t help but ask with a resigned sigh. Matthias shrugged.

“Can’t exactly tell you when I knew,” Matthias replied. But he’d known for a long time that the two had feelings for each other. The pieces just clicked together one day and shrugged the information away. When Claudine had pieced things together between him and Leyla, well, he couldn’t help but laugh at the irony of it all.

“Had you known about it then? Before you got engaged to Claudine?”

“Yes.”

“And yet you went with it anyway?” Riette couldn’t help but ask bitterly.

“I didn’t agree on it for the union,” Matthias said in a matter-of-factly tone. And Riette sighed once again, losing whatever building ill will he had upon the revelation.

“Yes, yes, you were very unfortunate and yet successful back then,” Riette remarked back dryly at him.

For Matthias, marriage was just another means to expand his business. Claudine was no different from entering a school worthy of the family’s honor and succeeding in the family business.

They would have been perfect for each other, Riette thought mirthlessly, if only they got along and saw where the other came from instead of being blinded by their lust and greed.

Riette might have grown with him, but there’s much he’s yet to know about his cousin, but he’s only ever certain about him with one thing, and one thing alone, no matter how long a time would pass.

Matthias von Herhardt loved Leyla Lewellin.

And he let her go because of it.

“I changed my mind. I will never be sorry for you.” Riette declared to him with a stiff smile, and the Duke just shrugged nonchalantly.

“Do as you wish.”

Matthias once again marked the end of the meaningless conversation by checking the time. A faint compassion passed by Riette’s eyes, who was looking at him as if he was a little tired of it.

“I’d rather-”


Before he could even finish, a heavy sound disrupted the silence throughout the deep dawn in the whole barracks. Matthias immediately shot to his feet, then ran to the window and flung open the curtains in alarm.

Another heavy boom, and this time, the building rattled around them. It was getting closer, whatever it was that brought the sound.

“AIR RAID! ENEMY AIR RAID IS IN PLACE!”

Distant screams accompanied soon after as another boom, further away and then another at a different direction came…

“SOUND THE ALARMS!”

“TAKE SHELTER!”

With an alarm sound, a shout rang out to announce the evacuation. The once-quiet hotel was a mess in an instant! The time for the ambulance driven by Kyle Etman to leave Sienna was still an hour away.

They needed to move up the schedule, immediately.

“Damn it! Matthias!” Riette called out as they held onto the furniture when another boom shook the building.

“Go to Etman!” Matthias cried out in urgency as he held still to avoid being toppled by the nearing blasts!

“Tell him to get to the rendezvous point immediately and she’ll be there as soon as possible!”

Another boom, and this time, the screams were closer!

“As soon as she’s in, he’s to book it out of here immediately!”

“What about you?! I don’t think I’ll get to her in time if I’m to relay this message to him now!”

Without an answer, Matthias turned around immediately as he left the room, even as the building shook around them.

Time was of the essence, he mustn’t wait any longer.

“HEY MATTHIAS!”

Riette’s cries were soon buried in binge drinking and alarm sounds.

Matthias ran without looking back. Still in deep darkness, into the streets and hellfire as shells rained upon the captured city.




The roar, which she has never gotten used to, was still too loud even as she clamped both hands over her ears in fright!

As soon as the first bomb dropped, Leyla threw away the bag she was clutching before she crawled under a small table in the bedroom and curled up.

‘Basement! I have to go to the basement!’

Her vision flashes back and forth from the neat room she was in, to the overcrowded basement she hid in before.

The basement was in a town square!

Where was Uncle Bill?

She needed to move!

Was she in the streets? Her shoes were left behind, and her feet turned her socks bloody, didn’t they?

Basement. She needed to get to the basement.

Another boom and Leyla cried out for her Uncle Bill!

She was having flashbacks, she needed to move, she knew she was still safe, but not for long if she won’t move…

But her body was frozen in a hunch as she stayed crawled beneath the table, wailing for her dead uncle to come to get her.

The next explosion had come too close, and all of a sudden glass erupted around her and Leyla screamed!

Gone were the rubbled streets, and in front of her laid the bandaged and beaten-down body of Uncle Bill. The doctor’s voice filled her head telling her he was dying and her distant screams for them to help echoed all around her in deafening madness!

The fire was across the street! The beautiful home across from the house she’d taken shelter in was turning to ashes. Leyla could only rock back and forth as she tried to lull the unborn child in her belly to soothe up.

“Shh, we’re gonna be okay, we’re gonna be okay, we’re gonna be okay…”

She kept saying like a mantra as her eyes stared widely in a hypnotized daze at the fire and debris in front of her.

Her head was bobbing up and down as she couldn’t look away. She could only hug her knees closer, as much as she could.

Her heart was beating erratically, and the smoke and soot started wafting through the broken windows.

Soon, she would suffocate, and her baby would suffocate in her womb.

More bombs rained from the sky, and she kept flinching even as her eyes remained unblinking.

Bony fingers hugged and gripped her arms as she wound them around herself. Nails digging into her skin soon dug too deep as she began to draw blood.

Calm. She needed to be calm.

She has to be calm!

Although her whole body began to tremble, Leyla tried not to let go of her reason somehow.

Tick. Tock. tick. tock.

The still functioning clock was now echoing loudly in her eardrums. Her chest tightened as the air around her began to thin out. She can’t breathe!

She needed to breathe!

How long had the bomb rain been?

Was it over?

Did it just begin?

Was anyone coming to save her?

Where was Kyle?

Marquis Lindman?

Did she have to leave?

She can’t go alone! She doesn’t want to be alone!

What if they left her alone?

The building shook again, matching the tumultuous thoughts she had in her mind before it returned to him.

Matthias von Herhardt.

He would come.

He always came for her.

He’d save her.

He was always there for her, whether she wanted to or not.

He was just like the birds. Always everywhere, anytime.

Surely, he would come. After all, he came here for her once.

If anyone would be with her, it would always be him.

He would cross an entire battlefield for her.

“Hi, Leyla.”

The voice that rose from the heavy ringing in her ears. The moment that gave despair and fear, but more unbearable, was a shadowy feeling that could not and should not exist behind it.

Her feelings toward him were like both sides of the coin.

From the moment she first saw him until now, it was always like that.

A scary and beautiful boy aimed a flash of a gun at her and stepped on her gold coins. The person who made her heart a little more shabby every moment, when she kept looking back even though she didn’t want to see him again.

Holding back tears, Leyla crawled out of the table and hugged the bag. She knew where the location was. However, the question was whether they could get there safely to avoid this bombing.

‘Don’t cry.’

Leyla comforted herself and forced herself out of the shell she made herself become.

She walked out staggering, holding on to the walls and furniture she could grasp as the ground continued to shake sporadically beneath her. However, her vision was getting blurred.

The night when she cried after biting a piece of candy that he gave her began to rise beyond her tears.

It was her first time tasting such a delicious treat.

Why did she have to leave him in the first place?

She had a place where she could cry as much as she wanted to back then. Sure he made her do terrible things against her will, but at least his arms were cozy when they wrapped around her.

She never should have left him.

The hand that hugged and comforted her a little clumsily was warm. It was ridiculous.

Such a shame added to her tears.


For such a long time he held her in his arms and stayed still. She could clearly remember the texture of the sweater on her cheek and the taste of the candy that melted away on her tongue.

When Leyla, who barely stopped crying, raised her head, she reached out and wiped her wet face.

Slowly and gently until she stopped crying.

Leyla looked at him blankly. The child inside her, who cried sadly while biting the last candy she had saved, felt like she had stopped crying for a long time. The taste of the candy that was no longer fishy was sweet. The Duke smiled faintly at the moment she realized it.

It was very strange.

No one in the world likes crying orphans. So Leyla Lewellin has been laughing and laughing.

Now she can smile more brightly than anyone else.

As if denying an unfamiliar feeling, she hurriedly looked away from him. And he stepped down without being as intimidated as before.

The whole time, whenever she left the annex, it was as if she were running away.

Back then Leyla thought it strange. Because she was running away from the Duke. As the shadows of the dense trees grew the deeper she entered the forest path that it even covered the moonlight, she turned around without realizing it.

Going back to take shelter in his arms.

It was a night when the road back to the cabin felt very long. And on that dark road, Leyla looked back and forth over and over again. Every time, she felt like her shadow was growing little by little.

She’s so embarrassed about that.

She hated it.

After cutting off such a long shadow.

Still, the shadows continued to grow and continued to overwhelm her and the path she walked on.

Maybe she was still walking on the road with a long shadow?

Maybe this all was just a terrible dream?

She’d wake up in his arms soon.

Yes, she’d wake up in safety soon.

Leyla reached for the door of the bedroom with her squeezed tightly shut as she reached out for the escape…


However, even before she opened the door, a clearer, and louder voice broke through the muddled ringing in her ears!

“LEYLA!”

Despite the terrible noises around her, Leyla would recognize that voice anywhere!

Matthias, it was him!

He did come for her! He was here with her in the flesh, and she couldn’t help but be filled with unexpected hope!

“Here! I’m here!” Leyla screamed with all her might. “I’m here!”

The door burst open not a moment later! Once again her vision blurred, but with relief instead of terror, as she cried at the sight of the new arrival in front of her!

She’d recognize him anywhere, even if her vision was obscured.

Matthias had come for her!


Chapter 142







Promise






They did not have much time to just stand and take in the sight of each other. In no time, Matthias began to hold on to Leyla as soon as she began to fall.

Without waiting for her expected protests, he carried her limp form in his arms and ran towards the house’s cellar. He had just about enough time to open the basement door and jump down the ladder before the ground above them shook and dust began falling from the ceiling!

The bomb was much closer than before.

Not bothering to find the light in the dark cellar, he immediately put Leyla down, who backed up from the door and leaned her back against the cellar’s wall.

She was dazed, breathing heavily as her body shook with the continued rain from outside.

Immediately he gathered her securely in his arms and drew her away from the shelves where many stored foods were placed in case they fell on her. He caressed the back of her head soothingly, making her rest against the crook in his neck.

“It’s all right.” He murmured soothingly against her temples, breaking the monotone sounds of muffled bombs over their heads. After a while, he felt her begin to pull away, just enough to look up at him.

He cupped her cheeks, and caressed her wet, and flushed skin with the pads of his calloused thumb.

“You’ll be fine soon.” He whispered, resolute and softer.

Even in the dark, she could feel his intense gaze on her, she could see just how deep his eyes reflected his soul, like an ocean inviting her into its depths.

A depth that often made her scared, hate…

And the less acknowledged excitement at the sight of it, especially as he embraced her securely.

Matthias was certain there could be a lamp somewhere to shed some light, but he couldn’t afford to find it. And so, in the thick darkness surrounding them, they endured the long night, relying on each other’s body temperature to keep warm, and their synched breathing for comfort.


The longer they stayed down in the basement, the more Leyla’s eyes gradually got used to the darkness.

Without thinking about it, Leyla reached out for a change and cupped Matthias’ face. She still couldn’t see clearly, yet she could finally make out some of his features. He looked positively unprepared and haggard in front of her.

With her other hand resting against his chest, she could feel his abnormal warmth and sweat rolling down his body, his breathing ragged, and the heartbeat beneath her palms erratic and strong.

He came.

He came running just for her.

There was a sense of glee upon the realization he braved through fields of dropping bombs, just for her.

It made her feel safer.

Made her breathe a lot easier than earlier when no one came for her.

The relief, sadness, and indescribable emotions began pouring out of her into silent, crocodile tears.

It was ridiculous how easily she could tell Matthias apart even amidst her blurring visions. Ridiculous how she waited unknowingly in the middle of an air strike for him to come to rescue her and cradle her in his arms.

She had told herself time and again that he would never take her back. And like a fool, she waited for him to come and get her anyway.

She gripped Matthias’ arm tightly, a wordless plea to keep him connected to her when she felt him begin to pull away from her.

“Hold on, Leyla.” Matthias grunted after a momentary pause, “It’s dangerous right now.” He told her seriously before looking off at a distance, through the only small window in the cellar to catch sight of explosions and rubble in the grounds above.

“I’ll take you to Etman as soon as the bombing stops.” He promised her, gripping her closer to him in tandem.

She felt her heartbreak at his words, as her lips trembled at the implication. He was rejecting her when she wanted nothing more than to stay with him.

She immediately began to protest against his wishes with a shake of her head, but Matthias was no longer paying attention to her.

He wasn’t looking at her anymore.


She wanted to ask what he was seeing, and whether or not he was fine, but the words remained stuck in her throat. Instead, she made do with looking at his side profile instead as he surveyed their surroundings…

Not even sparing her a single glance.

Memories flowed along with Matthias’ heartbeat, which deafened her to the sound of the world collapsing around them.

A man who brutally harassed and hurt her. The person she declared to hate the most in the world. The cruel man ruined her life without any remorse.

That’s why she shouldn’t forgive him. Why she’ll have to live without seeing him ever again.

It was a natural thing to do after the abuse he’d put her through.

What she should be doing.

But…

He was also a man who couldn’t be truly cruel to the very end despite his harsh actions towards her.

How could she have ever thought to resist him?

Even with their lives threatened to be over now, she couldn’t help but look and savor this image of his sweet eyes and warm touch. Her mind fought back with those heartless and affectionate moments they had in the past, tangled in sheets and limbs wrapped around each other.

She wanted to turn a blind eye to it, but it didn’t work out.

It always had been like this.

She’d always been in love.

Even if she thought it couldn’t be, her heart kept yearning for him to love her. Even if it had gone twisted and distorted, clumsy, or even if she tried to deny it with every fiber of her being, she still loved him with everything she had.

She always belonged to him. Both her mind and heart had already been his. All their moments together could’ve been a fairytale if she’d been honest in the beginning.

And now she’s the one begging him to look at her.

‘Look at me.’ Her mind screamed at him, but no words came out of her mouth. Instead, she reached out and cupped his cheek to direct his gaze back to her.

When he finally glanced down at her, he gave her a look of confusion. She looked at him only in a dazed manner, trying to convey her confession.

But after a few seconds, he turned away from her once again.

Even though he wrapped her tightly in his arms, he refused to see her. As soon as he turned away from her, it finally dawned on Leyla.

She’s always been the one looking at him from afar. Always been yearning to be part of his world. And that the time she spent crying out because of him was not just because of pain and shame…

Shaking the bittersweet memories out of her mind, she reached out once more, urging him again to look only at her, gently yet firmly turning Matthias by the cheek once more.

A mirror of his actions to her from before.

‘Look at me.’

“Leyla.” Matthias pointedly stared at her.

“Baby…” She murmured, finally finding her voice once more.

The sound of shell explosions was still echoing on the ground.

“Name my baby.” She pleaded for him, caressing his cheeks like she once did when she laid naked beside him back in Arvis. Her hands began to tremble as he continued to stare at her in silence, so she pressed on…

“I’ll wait for you,” she told him in a whisper, hot breath reaching up to touch his lips, “I’m going to wait for you with my baby, so give it a name. Please.” She begged him.

Blinking up prettily at him in the way she knew he could never resist.

She would never have been able to start anew.

She just wanted to be with Matthias.

It may be a stupid choice. This might not be normal love even, or a healthy one.

But she didn’t care anymore.

This felt too good, to be in his arms like this, to be the wrong kind of love. She doesn’t believe this love is wrong.

She loved this man. She will only ever wish for this man to be by her side.

“It’s all right now. We’ll be fine.” She told him with a watery smile, tears still pouring out of her in a pleading way even as she wet her lips.

“The baby already loves you.” She cooed at him lovingly, “Since I love you, the baby surely will too!”

“Leyla-“


“I love you.” She finally said, smiling so widely and brightly at him. So out of place from the war and air raid happening outside, even as dust continued to rain down on them, blinding her momentarily as she fought to keep her gaze locked on his.

She denied herself of this for so long. She can’t bring herself to stop now.

She doesn’t want to stop. Ever.

“I love you. You were so terrible to me, and I hate you for it, but I love you anyway!” She confessed desperately to him, clinging to his neck, “I love you!” She cried out in a whisper, begging for him to believe her now.

Because she does. She always will.

No matter what hell he put her through, she’d always choose him.

Something shook deep within Matthias’ core the longer he stared at her pleading form. She loved him?

Does she truly love him?

“I swear if this is another one of your lies again, Leyla, then…. I will kill you.” He growled at her, but she

only smiled brightly at him, “I’m gonna kill you, and then myself afterward because I won’t ever be parting from you again.”

“No, I’m not lying.” She grinned widely at him, with a quick shake of her head to dissuade any disbelief he had of her.

“I never lied before either,” She giggled at him, “From the moment I tried to fool you, I already meant everything I told you.”

Matthias continued to stare at her in disbelief, but she continued. This time, she’d tell him how she felt all this time.

“I hated how much I enjoyed everything we did. But I loved all of it. I’ve always loved it. Always loved you.”

One day, she’d give her heart wholly to this man when the war is over. She hated him.

She was afraid of him.

She despised him.

She was hurt because of him.

She was sad because of him.

She wanted to erase him.

She wanted to escape from him.

Sometimes she wanted to die because of him.

But in the end…….

“Then Leyla, you can’t escape me forever.” He grinned back at her, showing her his perfect, pearly whites, and she couldn’t help but giggle up at him now that he believed her. His frown turned upside down into a wide, pure, genuine joy.

Now that he promised he wouldn’t ever let her go again.

She could see now. Her mind and heart didn’t need to be mended back together, because everything was fine now.

This was it.

This was the love she always wanted.

The love of this man.

Maybe she already knew. In the afternoon, when the sea of Sienna was beautifully shining, the moment she saw him coming to her after passing through the hellish world.

“Don’t let me go again.” She told him and brought their foreheads together, then their noses…

Before finally bringing their lips together.

She was back home now. With him, engulfed around her senses, she was forever safe.

They both pulled away, leaving the tips of their noses together as they exchanged sweet smiles.

The crumbling world above them didn’t matter anymore.

“I’ll be waiting for you to come back, and then I’ll forgive you for everything if you come back alive.” She told him sternly with a pout, “I won’t hate you anymore if you do that. And then, we can start all over again.” She finished with an excited grin.

The prospect of their future together…

She can’t wait for the time to come. Belatedly she could tell there was a fast-beating heart in the cellar.

Whether it was his, hers, or both, it didn’t matter.

Their hearts now beat together, and that was all that mattered to her.

“Towards that time, without hate or sadness, we just have to start over with only our love.” She whispered against his lips, and he gripped her tighter in agreement, “You can do it. I can do it, so I’m confident. The baby agrees.” She giggled and began to cry once more.

But instead of longing tears, they were now tears of happiness.

Because who else would she love if not him? Who else would she have a family with if not with him?

There had never been anyone else, but him.

Another explosion came nearby, but Leyla found herself no longer scared. She was with him, there was no reason to be afraid anymore.

Their foreheads rested against each other once more as he breathed a sigh of relief. The tension in his body seeped out of his body the more Leyla nuzzled against him comfortably.

This was all he ever wanted. For her to love him back truly.

Unable to help himself, he brought her up to kiss her passionately on the lips.

Now accepting of her feelings, Leyla eagerly participated and moaned against his lips. This was heaven, she thought with a sigh.

Their hands wound around each other’s bodies, roaming and clutching everywhere they could, clinging to each other as if their worlds would end if they don’t cement this moment now.

“Promise me.” She breathed out, as soon as they parted for breath, and looked up at him fiercely in demand, “Promise me that you will come back to us as quickly as you can.”

“Anything for you.” Matthias murmured to her and planted a kiss on the back of her eyelids as her eyes fluttered close. A bright, and beautiful smile spread over her kiss-bitten lips.

“I’ll come back to you.”

“Promise me, and I’ll trust you. I believe in you forever no matter what anyone says. You are a man of your word, are you not?” She demanded of him, and he chuckled with amusement at her.

“I promise, Leyla.” He breathed out with a wide grin of his own and brought her lips back to his, as he hugged her impossibly closer to him. She cried and moaned and sighed against him all night, but he was now complete.

For the distrust and hate and disgust in her eyes, were now filled with open longing and love and acceptance, just for him to see. For him to take. And it was all he ever wanted in the beginning.

“I’ll come back to you.” He breathed out. “I promise.”







The bombing stopped at the crack of dawn. And as soon as the coast was clear, Matthias wasted no time in leading Leyla through the rubble, hugging her close to him by the waist.

They were long past their due time, and he was certain that no matter how long Kyle and Riette would stall for more in time for their arrival, any more than now would cause suspicion to arise.

The dawn revealed only rubble and smoke in its wake the more the sun rose, but Matthias could not afford for them to stop.

Leyla must still leave this city now, before more attacks come.

It was the only thought pushing him past his limits, even as Leyla was visibly getting more tired from the traveling.

Kyle decided to wait in front of the north gate of the wall surrounding the city. Originally, it was a deserted place, but now that all troops are gathering due to the enemy’s surprise attack, the vicinity has been turned into nothing but a ghost town.

The blue clear dawn light shone on the world, where the debris from wall buildings, and shrapnels from the bombs were slowly revealed to everyone who survived the night. The sound of waves flooded his ears, before Matthias’ rough breathing was all he could take note of!

“Matthias! Come on! We have to hurry!” Riette shouted to a whisper as soon as he caught sight of them.

Matthias need only look at the once to see they just arrived in the nick of time before someone would come to question why they haven’t gone yet. Without stopping for any pleasantries, Matthias immediately rushed to the front of the ambulance, just as Riette swung open the door to receive Leyla’s pregnant form.

But Matthias did not let her go, just gently deposited her immediately in a comfortable position, and wrapped a snug wrap around her shoulders as he sat her next to Kyle.

“Leah.” He spoke up immediately as soon he was done securing her. He squeezed her hand, and brought it up to his lips as he stared into her wide, happy eyes as she smiled at him.

He finally answered her.

She squeezed his hand back tightly, one last reminder of his promise to her.

To both of them.

“And if it’s a boy?” she asked him with a grin.

He merely raised a brow at her, as though he didn’t think it could be anything else but a girl.


“Felix.” He answered plainly after a few beats of silence. Riette’s eyes widened in surprise at the change of air between the two. Even moreso when he realized where the name had come from.

Duke Felix von Herhardt was Matthias’ grandfather. The glorious name of a Herhardt man, who was named as the next successor, and thus led to the creation of the prosperity of the family, which in turn was serving them well for the rapidly changing era.

‘Does Leyla know what it means to pass on the name?’ Riette looked at Leyla, with that thought.

But she only beamed in satisfaction at him, like a good little child who was receiving her well-earned reward. There were tears now flowing down her cheeks, and he noted how reluctant she was to let go, but she eventually dropped Matthias’ hand from hers.

This is how the man who proposed to give the woman everything and the woman who accepted the proposal would part ways. Now, it was the woman’s turn to leave and the man to be left behind.

Damn it.

Riette swallowed a hot breath, spitting out a curse under his breath without realizing it. However, they were out of time for any more sentiments to occur between the couple.

As soon as Matthias stepped back from the ambulance, Riette hurried back to the passenger seat, caging Leyla in securely. With both men beside her, she would now be easy to miss.

Without waiting for more instructions, the ambulance began to move away. Matthias watched them leave, without a glance back to the ruined city behind him.

He was just about to return back to the barracks, when suddenly, the ambulance came to a stop, not a second later, the passenger door flew open, and Leyla came spilling out into a stumble and began running back to him!

He rushed to her immediately, and gathered her into his arms just before she would stumble to the ground!

“Leyla.” He breathed out in surprise, confused as to what she had yet to do. She was only breathing heavily, looking at him wide-eyed and crying. Shaky hands began to untie her braid, and clutched her ribbon.

Wordlessly, Matthias held out his wrist in understanding, watching as she took her time to wrap it securely around his wrist.

He watched her do the same to the birds back in Arvis. And now she was doing the same to him.

That was all.

Leyla couldn’t bring herself to say anything. She believed, if she opened her mouth, she’d only say more, inconsequential things.


Matthias, who alternately looked at Leyla’s face with a white ribbon tied to his wrist, smiled and nodded to her in understanding. It was the same smile with a little playfulness and pride, where he had many moments of holding his breath and looking at it without realizing it.

The alarm to announce the gathering of the army began to ring again, shaking them out of their reverie, and imposing the urgency they forgot they had.

Leyla’s lips began to tremble, unwilling to leave him. Still, he stroked her rosy cheeks, which did not cry, and nodded once again.

“Go, Leyla.”

Smiling as he swept over her hair tangled in the wind, Matthias lowered his head deeply and kissed Leyla’s cheek, which was stained with tear marks

“I love you.” He whispered against her ear, even as the siren of their army threatened to deafen them with its loudness.

That was the last one.

Leyla had to stop turning toward Kyle and Riette, who urgently called her name, telling her there was no time left to waste anymore. Matthias also turned toward the square where the siren rang.

Leyla’s sob, which began the moment she turned away from him, soon came pouring out of her relentlessly. While crying like a child, Leyla walked without stopping or looking back.

She didn’t want Matthias’ steps to be heavy. She thought he would come back lightly if he left lightly.

Like the birds of Arvis that she loved, who returned without fail if she waited.

The ruined city showed its terrible appearance in the clear morning sun.

Before turning the corner of the wall, Matthias turned his head and looked at Leyla. The loose blonde fluttered like a wing behind her running back.

Matthias captured the beautiful golden waves in the gray ruins. And then again, he started walking towards the world that was going to be a battlefield.

The Confederate Army, in which Ettar’s troops fought, landed that morning through the Northern Union’s blockade. It was the day when the largest battle began since the war when the autumn sky of Sienna was dazzlingly clear.


Chapter 143




Time of The Wind







The downtown streets of Ratz turned hectic as more than the usual amount of delivery boys for the local paper ran through to toss out the morning papers.

In a nearby cafe, seated by the window, Claudine gazed through the glass in quiet observation. The air in the once bustling capital had turned sour and somber as soon as the war came, and their men left them behind.

There were mostly children and women around. A common sight she’d finally gotten used to. It didn’t help that the recent news from the war front brought them no comfort at all.

Berg’s army, which had largely dominated the war, had its fortune turned in the latest skirmish. Now, they are struggling against Ettar since they have recaptured the city of Sienna.

And now they’re gradually being pushed further north, where not too long ago, the Union’s latest attacks had largely been successful. Tensions continue to rise between the two nations, and soon no good news will reach them if it keeps up.

Even the fast-approaching New Year’s was not enough to lift the spirits of the families the men left behind, especially when it wasn’t certain they’d be returning home in glory and victory.

The Empire had failed to keep its promise to its people.

“Don’t worry too much, Lady Brandt. Duke Herhardt will certainly return safe and sound.” Piped up one of the ladies she was with within the cafe.

“Of course. No matter how fierce the battle takes place, the Duke will surely return safely.” Immediately added another one of Claudine’s friends after seeing her contemplative look, mistaking it for worry and longing for her fiance.

That’s right. Claudine thought belatedly, to the rest of society, shernpl was still engaged with Duke Herhardt. A minute, and mirthless smile curled up on the corner of her lips, unseen by those she was with.

Officially, they were still engaged, and therefore Claudine von Brandt had every right to worry about the safety of Matthias von Herhardt, as is expected of his woman.


Even though deep inside, she was more than hoping he would meet his demise instead in this war and never return again.

Perhaps a little earlier, when she had still been less bitter and more amenable to his presence, she would have wished otherwise. But not anymore. It only became increasingly clear how less likely he would return as her soon to be wedded husband.

Still, she had an image to uphold, and a pretense to act; loathed as she is to act as though she cared about the Duke.

She often wondered what news would arrive next. A question she asked habitually to herself whenever a new one would arrive in the form of Riette’s letter updates to her.

He was still in the warfront, and she hadn’t heard anything of him aside from the ones he sent her, but he was always more than generous in relaying to her the events that he was witnessing.

Even when she didn’t ask it of him, he still gave her more than she knew she deserved. Even Matthias was less generous than this, even when they were properly engaged.

And through Riette’s letters, she had learned about Leyla’s whereabouts and current condition. That Matthias had indeed, and eagerly took part in the war because that was where she would be found.

And found her indeed! The big bad Duke had finally been reunited with his lowly orphan girl. The anger she expected to come had long since dried up. Not even news of Leyla’s pregnancy ignited a single spark of anger in her anymore.

Officially they might still be engaged. But Claudine was no longer in the running to be the next Duchess.

She’d never been in it. Belatedly she wondered why Matthias even agreed to wed her when he had no intention in following through in the end.

This engagement had long been over.

Claudine now accepted the fact that she desperately denied, even though she knew it would happen eventually. Truthfully, she would have been fine with their engagement being broken off…

If only it didn’t lead to Matthias’ happiness.

Why was it, after everything he’d done, he got to have his own happy ending? She didn’t want them to be happy.

She wanted them to remain miserable as they should be. They were the disgraceful ones, the ones who cheated, and couldn’t stay away from each other even when they both promised themselves to another.

They shouldn’t have a happy ending, when they were the only ones in the wrong.


They should both just stay back in Sienna and die in the war. It was the only thought that consumed her in the long nights.

A loathing wish for Matthias, and his lowly orphan girl, to die and perish. Never to be with each other for all eternity.

Eventually, even if their engagement would be broken off officially, Claudine was still able to make a fresh start. Keep her reputation intact, and get engaged anew to a more suitable candidate. While not a widely acceptable tradition to do so, marrying her deceased fiance’s cousin, it wasn’t too bad of a reputation that she couldn’t just brush off.

She resolved to pen him her reply soon.

Even though in the present, Claudine was actively taking part in her friends and ladies’ conversations, her mind was stuck back in her room, with the latest letter Riette had sent her.

More specifically, his penned confession.

In it, she realized that despite his parting words to her that he’d let her go, he still held onto his feelings for her strongly.

She thought she’d lost him forever, and she allowed herself a momentary relief at the knowledge he still loved her. But she couldn’t bring herself to write back to him so quickly.

They lost too much time, trying to do what they thought would be better for themselves before.

This time, she wanted to convey her returned feelings for him perfectly. It’s the least she could do, for whose heart she broke so selfishly for.

Because she wanted this marriage to work.

For this engagement to go beyond just a mindless agreement. An engagement where her mind and heart were both in agreement.

A union that was both formed out of love and honor for a change. A far cry of the faux engagement she had with the Duke for years.

And should Matthias cry, perhaps she will shed some tears, but only out of joy, instead of sorrow.

Soon, the time came for them to leave, and one by one, the ladies around her began to go home. The time for social gathering and afternoon dallying with one another had remained to only be mere formality.

Their day to day gatherings were only ever meant to be for show after all. They found no need to keep up with the pretenses, not with the influx of news about their lost sons, husbands, and brothers to war.


A cold and gloomy winter soon rolled by, making the endless funerals day in and day out an even more somber occasion. The only genuine gathering left in Ratz, was when they’d go out and send their condolences.

Which was really, why she’s even out here in the cafe in the first place.

Waiting for her by the main street, was her vehicle. She got in, and the chauffeur immediately closed the door behind her before they began to drive back home.

Just when the car turned around the corner of the boulevard between the Museum of Natural History and the Museum of Art, Claudine was immediately shaken out of her immersive thoughts at the woman she’d just seen around they corner of her eyes that passed outside her window.

It was a blonde woman, wearing thick-rimmed glasses and bundled up warmly, plainly walking down the street. She was already quite a distance away from her now, with her back turned, but the figure eerily seemed familiar to her anyway.

“Miss, what’s the matter?” The maid, who was looking around, asked her when she noticed the look of alarm in her mistress’ face. Claudine, who looked like a cross between suspicion and contemplation, immediately shook her head before she leaned back against the car’s seat.

“Nothing.” she quietly replies, mind running a mile a minute.

‘Is it Leyla?’

The last news she heard from Riette’s letter was that Matthias found Leyla, who ran away, pregnant with the Duke’s child, and he’d caught her.

‘But did he send her here? That guy?’

“It’s nothing.” She reiterated when the maid still looked unconvinced that nothing was wrong.

Either way, Claudine didn’t want to take any part in their affairs anymore. She’d learned that only getting involved with them brought on more shame than satisfaction. She’d settle only with thoughts and wishes that they’d both have their happy ending tarnished by the war.

Today was just a normal day.

Ad when nightfall came that night, a new, and hopeful wish overtook her normal thoughts. Instead of wishing for Matthias to die, she wished desperately to receive more news from Riette…

And this time, she will give him the answer he deserved from her. She’d keep it short, and succinct, so he can get it quickly.

And as if her prayers were finally heard, the maid who brought her mail, suddenly burst through her bedroom, with a wide, open smile, in her hands an envelope, scrawled with her name by a familiar penmanship.

“My Lady! Marquis Lindman’s letter has arrived!” she announced gleefully.

Claudine, who had been leaning against the bed and drinking morning tea, shot up to her feet like an excited girl. Barefoot and running, the letter was snatched out of the maid’s hands with an excited squeal. The maid’s eyes crinkled knowingly at her with a smile as she met her mistress’ eyes.

Claudine blushed a little and began to look for her slippers and wore them. While the maid turned a blind eye to her mistress’ momentary lapse in proper decorum, the door swung open once more without warning. It was the Countess Brandt.

“My dear, Claudine! What are you going to do?!” immediately wailed her mother as she strode into her daughter’s room!

It surprised Claudine because her mother was the image of proper etiquette and manners. She would have beaten Claudine’s hands with a stick for bursting unannounced into another’s bedroom. Before she could even ask what was wrong, Claudine found her arms filled with her sobbing mother, and caught sight of this morning’s newspaper haphazardly tossed on the table.

Great trepidation began to fill her.








When it was time for a boy to read the newspaper to come, her heart jumped. It happened on its own without checking the time. Today, Leyla wandered in front of the house with an anxious face. Soon after, the big eyes of the newspaper delivery boy looking over the street shook nervously.

On that clear autumn day, the ambulance that hid Leyla escaped the blockaded Sienna safely.

She parted ways with Marquis Lindman as soon as they arrived in the rear supply unit, and also bid goodbye to Kyle at a military hospital across the border between Lovita and Berg. Once Leyla found herself bereft of companions, she ended up relying on a piece of paper with an unfamiliar address, before she got on the train headed back to Ratz.

It was reminiscent of when she came to Arvis on her own. Travelling alone, just like she did as a child.

The sadness filled up to the end of her neck was overflowing, but Leyla did not cry. She wasn’t alone because she had a child now in her belly. And there was Matthias too.

A giddy feeling filled her up as she remembered their kisses.

Soon, they’d be reunited once more. So Leyla had to recover her health, give birth to the child, and wait for him with the child. It was as easy as that! And while she waited for his return, she could do whatever she wanted in the meantime.


Every day, she waited eagerly for him to return, and made sure to take care of herself without any worry at all! She had nothing more to worry about after all. Matthias was returning to her. And with that in mind, Leyla was able to endure day after day on her own, in her quaint new house.

The time for the season to change would soon come, and the child kept growing in her womb. In no time, she’d be giving birth, and finally hold their child in her arms!

Oh how she wished he’d be back in time to be with her during that time too! She was as desperate as she was excited for his return.

But despite her newfound freedom and luxury, she was still a little scared. If anything happened to her during childbirth, what would happen to her child if Matthias hadn’t returned yet? Of course, Matthias made sure there were butlers and the Duke’s lawyers at her beck and call while she recovered and lived in this house, but they were not partners with whom she could rely on her heart.

“It’s okay. Everything will be fine.” As Matthias had done to her, Leyla whispered to the child in the stomach. It was then that light and fast footsteps began to be heard.

A boy delivering newspapers was running from across the cold street.


Chapter 144







Perfectly Brilliant Light







“How are you doing, Claudine?” asked Countess Brandt in a hesitant voice, her red-rimmed eyes looking at her carefully. The maid who’d been serving them immediately dropped her gaze to the floor, recognizing this moment to be a private affair between her mistresses.

This time between them was a tenuous moment.

“It’s…” Claudine began to speak up softly, before trailing off, a far-away look in her eyes. “It’s a difficult time, but I have to endure it well.” She diplomatically answered, nodding tersely as though she was trying to convince herself to do so.

“That’s right. We should all do that.” Her mother interjected, also preoccupied with her thoughts and feelings to notice just how broken their daughter had turned out to be in the latest news that befell them.

The war might as well have dropped a bomb on their house.

“Well then, make sure you are eating.” Her mother added, patting her on the hand absentmindedly, “Think of what he would want for you.” She commanded offhandedly, before breaking down into more sobs.

Recognizing the order for what it was, the maid hastily excused herself to prepare them a meal, despite the knowledge that Lady Claudine wouldn’t touch a single food that would be prepared. Still, she needed to make sure her Lady would have something to eat to keep her strength up for these difficult times.

After hastily preparing easy-to-eat foods, she immediately went back up to her Lady’s room, and softly knocked on the closed door.

“My Lady, I have brought you something to eat and drink.” She announced, when no answer came, she knocked again. “My Lady?”

A beat of silence came before a loud wail began to erupt inside the room! Worried about her mistress’ well-being, she burst through the door to come to her aid!


“Oh, my Lady!” she fretted almost immediately, the tray in her hands dropped in her haste and spilling its contents on the floor!

Crouched pathetically in a fetal position, still in her sleeping gown and hair loose and barefoot, laid her mistress, Lady Claudine, sobbing her heart out, a letter clutched tight against her breasts as though she was trying to merge with it.

“Leave me alone!” she demanded upon the sight of her maid, her eyes turned into a sharp glare almost immediately but lost some of their intimidation at the tears that persisted to escape from them. Mary sharply halted in her steps, appearing to hesitate in obeying her mistress’ wishes.

She can’t possibly let her mistress wallow in her sorrow alone.

“But-“

“Out! Get out, Mary!” She screamed, tears still pouring out of her.

Mary wanted to protest.

“But you…”

“Please…” she begged, softly this time as she sobbed, “Please just leave.” She pleaded before she went back to curling on her room’s floor, hugging the letter back to her chest.

The protest left the maid’s heart in a quick second at the sight of her broken-up mistress. She thought that Lady Claudine could remain graceful in her grief, but she too was just human. And when a loved one dies, no amount of grace can hide the pain one truly felt in their passing.

Deciding to finally give her some space, Mary softly closed the door behind her to leave her mistress alone for now.

Even as she closed the door behind her, Claudine’s cries echoed ominously throughout the empty corridor as she cleaned up the dropped tray of food before leaving.

Claudine, for her part, could barely remember why she ended up crying on the floor so pathetically. As soon as her mother had taken leave, she opened up the last letter and read it. She was just reading the letter. Yet after the sleepless night she had, and when the morning sun rose to a new day, she found herself weak, and unable to bring herself to even rise from where she laid catatonically.

The only thing that convinced her was the sight of his unopened letter.

She needed to read his last letter. And so with shaky hands and a broken heart, she opened the last letter she would ever get from him.

[I love you, Claudine.]

A phrase he’d penned her multiple times, in every letter since the war happened.


[I know how afraid you are, what you’re afraid of. And I cannot promise you that it won’t come true, because, in reality, I’m no miracle worker like Matthias. But I have to believe that whatever hardships may come our way, we will endure because of my love for you. I’ll shoulder everything you’re afraid to face, my love, because that’s just how much I want to be with you. I plan to drown out all your problems with my love alone, if only you’ll have me.]

He’d promised her a million times he’d return. Promised how his love for her would make him endure the war.

And now he’s dead, and she’d yet to give him her millions of confessions in return.

The obituary in the newspaper brought by the Countess belonged to Marquis Lindman, not Duke Herhardt. News of Riette’s was listed along with many others and arrived just as his last love letter did. There was another unexpected air raid, the paper had announced, and this time, they targeted the rear units, which were largely undermanned.

The rear unit was caught so unprepared, housing most of the army’s patients, that Riette had been counted along with the many casualties to be shot and killed in action.

“He’s not dead… he’s not…” She muttered absently under her breath, the letter clutched tightly in her palms.

Another night came, and then another day rose, still, Claudine found herself unable to part with the letter, still huddled pathetically on the floor, sobbing wildly in grief and mourning.

How long has it been? A day? Two?

Did it even matter anymore?

She supposed it didn’t.

What was the point in trying to live such a miserable life anyway? Even he, who wrote her such enthusiastic love letters, ended up dying alone and far away from home.

She wished to read a different man’s death, and wished for Riette to return. And yet had always been cruel to her, because her Riette was now dead, and she dreads to see the Duke’s return home.

Just when she was ready to say she loved him too.

He was ripped away from her before he could even call himself hers.

“I love you… I love you… I love you…” She repeated like a mantra, the light gone from her eyes, yet her tears far from stopping.

There was so much she needed to say, so much to apologize to him for…

And now she’d never be able to say it.

Why him?

Of all people, why did he have to die?

“I love you.”

The more she re-read the letter, the more the emptiness in her heart threatened to overwhelm her. The line of him declaring his love for her kept flashing back and forth in front of her, she had to let it go.

But the moment she did, she found herself unable to breathe a moment more, her chest tightening so painfully, she reached out for it in a panic, that she fell from her chair!

The threat of a sob began to escape from her, and as soon as her fingers brushed upon the edge of the paper, she gripped it tight and brought it down to her chest, and gave in to the overwhelming despair swallowing her whole!

The only warmth in her stemmed from the flimsy paper in her grip. Just ink and paper were all she had left of him. Like his touch still lingered on the letter, she wanted to will him back to life, to be back with her…

Close to touching…

Close to confessing…

Memories of his fading voice and laughter only made her scramble around to keep him tightly anchored to her.

Wound up so tightly, she felt something in her break…

Ah, so this was how it was.

This was how it was to be truly heartbroken.

And when something is broken, nothing will ever be the same again.

“I love you,” she repeated, her hopeless plea carried off by the silence, unable to reach its recipient.

How cruel fate was to her, that the world should keep turning when hers had just ended before it had even begun.



The memory that remained buried deep within his heart served as Matthias motivation to survive, his sole raison d’etre. Like the beautiful golden wings of a butterfly fluttering in this solemn gray world, it illuminates this painful and arduous path of his to the place where he needs to return, back to that place where he truly belongs. He slowly opened his closed eyes, staggering for a bit as he tried to stand up. The afternoon sun seemed to be teasing his eyes with its bright, irritating ray of light.


A fellow soldier, who had been by his side shooting at the enemy a while ago, was now covered in blood; their unmoving body had collapsed on the cold, hard ground. The dark-red blood flowing from the corpse’s fragmented head and chest caused by the artillery shell wetted Matthias’ military boots. If he was the one who stood in front of the window just now, he would have been the one who was now lying there as a shattered, cold corpse.

Life and death would always be a second away from one another. Did Riette also feel the same way before his life trickled away like grains of sand in the wind?

Did he expect that he would die before Matthias?

For a moment, the dead comrade’s face shifted into Riette’s, before returning back to its real face.

After exhaling deeply, Matthias picked up his gun lying on the floor and turned around. Another shell flew in with a rumbling sound which shook the stone walls around him, hinting its imminent collapse. He, however, persistently continued on his way, completely ignoring the danger surrounding him.

Unlike the information he had received from the intelligence reports, the enemy commenced their attacks in broad daylight in an attempt to recapture the city occupied by Berg a few weeks ago. The city possessed a junction where three railroads intersect making it a key point of supply; which meant that it was a place where multiple fierce battles were bound to take place.

Schwip

With a shout that couldn’t escape from his mouth, an enemy soldier completely fell down without even knowing how he died.

Matthias stepped out behind a pillar located opposite to the now lifeless body of the enemy who couldn’t even utter a single scream before his life was extinguished. He proceeded to stand behind a nearby wall, the warm rays of the sun together with a gust of cold wind wrapped around his tired body. The wall on the other side was already half collapsed by the enemy’s artillery fire and the wall where he stood behind would face the same fate soon.

When they had difficulties breaking through the enemy’s defensive line, the army would resort to breaking down all the small-scaled walls to enter the opposite side’s territory. Doing so reduces the enemy’s defensive structures and lessens any potential threat of ambush. He was well aware of such tactics since it was one of the most common strategies that the Berg army would use when advancing on enemy’s territories.

However, Ettar’s participation changed many parts of the battlefield.

Initially, the Confederate forces had been powerless since they didn’t possess a mortar that could break down the castle’s thick wall. But, thanks to the weapons provided by Ettar, they were now attacking vigorously with weapons that could even rival Berg’s and implementing the same tactics that Berg used without hesitation.

“Retreat! Retreat!”

“Retreat! Retreat!” A desperate command to retreat was ordered to the troops, who were deployed to defend the wall, rang out accompanied by the unending sound of gunshots.

He found it a little ridiculous that they finally issued such a command after half of their troops were already dead. If it had been ordered at least an hour ago, then perhaps more people would have listened and survived from this unexpected ordeal.

Matthias, with a mirthless smirk on his lips, hurriedly moved towards his destination. If only he could, he would have run with all his might but his injured body prevented him from doing so.

‘Did I get hurt?’

He tried to remember, but he couldn’t recall any instance where he could have sustained any injuries. His dizzy head was also still reeling from the recent explosion that their troops had just experienced, inhibiting his mind from thinking too deeply.

In the end, their commander failed to properly grasp the enemy’s firepower. Just a while ago, their side firmly believed that their enemy was not reckless enough to continue deploying their troops to attack the defensive wall. Thanks to this firm belief, they became the perfect candidates for betrayal, to turn one’s allies into rats trapped in poison and dedicate them to the enemies. However, it was difficult to fully put the blame on the commander’s shoulder since no one had expected the Confederation to be in possession of the same weapons as Berg’s; not until the Lovita army fired the first mortar.

As his vision started to blur once more, the beautiful wings appeared in front of him again; fluttering mesmerizingly amidst the chaotic scene.

Ever since the day he had left, Matthias had always seen the golden wings in his vicinity as if it was his guardian angel. Thanks to this, he still firmly believed that there was still a chance to successfully counterattack and turn this hopeless situation around despite their armiy’s complete disastrous defeat. He was convinced that he was still alive thanks to his lovely little bird waiting for him back home.

“Leyla.” With his lips smiling softly, Matthias uttered his beloved’s name sweetly. Just saying her name filled his being with sweetness enough to drown his whole being

The time to blink his eyes was getting longer and his urgent movements changed slowly to a pace similar to a person enjoying a leisure walk. As soon as he became aware of his sluggish body, Matthias’ tired body immediately fell flat on the sun-heated stone floor like a doll whose strings were suddenly cut off.

He struggled to keep his drowsy eyes open and finally noticed the path where he came from. Dark-red streaks flowed on the rubbled walls and destroyed paths which he had passed. It took him a few more blinks to realize that it was actually his blood.

It was his blood, it was him that left those bloodied traces….


The blood flowing from his left shoulder, perhaps due to an embedded shell fragment, had now completely soaked half of his military uniform. Spilling this much blood would be deemed a serious injury, but his muddled brain couldn’t even perceive any pain, much alone comprehend he’d lost so much blood until the critical moment. Fully comprehending his current situation, his throat let out a short and sudden voice.

It was a giggle mixed with his ragged breath, ironically laughing at his current situation. He was fully aware how bad this turn of events was and its potential end result; his death.

He leaned his battered body against the railing and gave his all to keep ahold of his slipping consciousness; the smell of rusted iron began to intermingle with his breath. His hand, which grabbed his hair like he was trying to tear his head off, gained more strength as he continued to inflict pain upon himself.

Matthias leaned against the railing and tried to hold consciousness. The smell of rusty iron began to seep out of his breath. His hand, which he grabbed like he was tearing his head off, gained strength.

‘Wake up!’

He relentlessly commanded his muddled brain while pulling his hair harder. However, even after doing so, his eyelids only felt heavier with every passing second. The sound of the mortar, which should have been close to where he was, felt like a faint noise that came from a distant place.

‘Wake! Up!’

He wanted to fall asleep for a second, to just take a quick rest. He would just let his body recover for a bit, then he could finally get up and continue once again.

“Leyla. To you. I’ll be back, I promised. So.. just for a bit…….”

‘FUCKING WAKE UP NOW!!!’

By the time his eyes were almost closed, Matthias caught a glimpse of a ribbon fluttering in front of him. It was the same ribbon that Leyla had put around his wrist, his talisman that protected him without fail since that day.

When Leyla’s image of tying colored threads together while searching for various bird nests in the forests and rivers of Arvis came to his mind, his lips, which were shut in a flat line, let out a genuine and lighthearted laugh full of joy. She always enjoyed seeing the birds return back to their nests and she would always become happy and be filled with overwhelming joy once she saw those birds. She was so unlike him…

A lonely kid.

He stared at the fluttering ribbon with blank eyes. He thought of her life full of loved ones who once left, but never ever returned back to her lonely self that was waiting earnestly.

He now finally fully understood.

The reason why Leyla loved Arvis’ migratory birds so dearly.

‘Leyla….’

With his voice also gone, Matthias whispered his beloved’s name with quivering lips.

He promised her,

He said he will definitely return.

Leyla said she believes him and will wait for him…’

And he would give his all to fulfill his promise, no matter what cost.

‘I have to go back, I need to go back. I must!!’

He stubbornly lifted his injured body, biting his lips hard to the point of bleeding. Even with his hazy consciousness, the sound of artillery fire penetrated his mind continuously.

He began to walk once again towards the wall where dust clouds rose and broken bricks were rolling around. His legs were twisted together and his body stumbled repeatedly, but he never showed any signs of stopping on his path. Taking a few shaky steps after he just got up, he , in the end, collapsed once again.

Matthias supported himself against the stone floor with his blood-soaked hands. A slight giggle erupted after taking a few rough breaths. When he opened his closed eyes that he hadn’t realized were squeezed shut, his vision blurred by fatigue became a little bit clearer.

Tears and sweat mixed together as it slid down towards his chin and dripped down to the back of his hand.

‘Just one more time….’

‘Get up… one more time…’

Whenever he blinked and tried to focus his dazed eyes, tears continuously flowed down from his eyes, flowing down towards his chin and dripping at the back of his wet hand. Each drop felt hotter than the last, stimulating his muddled brain bit by bit. He found his desperate situation funny, so Matthias repeatedly let out a dry laugh; his breath accompanied by a thicker smell of blood.

‘You have to live!’

He repeatedly whispered to himself quietly.

‘Leyla, for my Leyla, you have to live!’

He had to live because she was still waiting for him.

It took him more time than before to finally be able to support his body and in the end, he finally managed to get up once again. After rubbing down his wet face, he straightened his back and began to move forward, taking a step after step. His bloody eyes were now half closed from exhaustion, but Matthias never stopped walking.

He had to go.

Even if he would also become someone who had failed to return back to his lonely bird’s life.

Even if he would also become someone who had failed to return back to his lonely bird’s life.

He needed to keep his promise till the bitter end.

He wanted to be forgiven.

He wanted to return to the place where Leyla was, to stand beside her. To that place where they could start once again with their love for each other, where their love story would begin and unravel through thick and thin.

Matthias moved quickly with renewed vigor when he finally caught a glimpse of the stairs below the wall. At the moment when his foot just stepped at the stairs, the mortar’s shrapnels, which battered the solid wall one after another, finally broke through the wall accompanied by a loud explosion! In the collapsing world, he caught a glimpse of the brilliant golden wings fluttering in the wind.

‘Leyla…’ He whispered with a smile. This was the last sight that was burned to his memory before everything went black.

News of the battle in the city of Lovita was not d

elivered to Berg until a few days later.

The newspaper, which featured a photo of Duke Herhardt donning an officer’s uniform on the frontpage, began to spread rapidly throughout the streets a day before the New Year.


Chapter 145




New Year’s Eve







The morning paper, which had been delivered since early in the morning, lay untouched on the table even though lunch had already passed for quite some time. Like a buzzing bee, Leyla had been hovering around it from time to time in a nervous fret.

Whenever she tried to reach out and open it, she would end up turning around and walking away in fright. This scene had occurred multiple times already since early in the morning.

In an attempt to somewhat ease up her anxious mind, she would every now and then talk to her only companion, which was the unborn child in her womb. She couldn’t help but to speak to them at every available moment she had, even as she warmed up a cup of milk to distract herself. She turned her head towards the windows, flipping open the curtain slightly before immediately drawing it shut once again. In the past few hours, she had been doing such random actions repeatedly, including tossing a few more pieces of firewood into the fireplace.

Finally running out of chores that she could use as an excuse to distract herself from the crippling anxiety, she finally managed to return her attention back to the morning newspaper and opened it at long last. She apprehensively stared at the newspaper for a long time and finally made sure his picture was fortunately not included on the list of those that passed away in the war, which was what she noted immediately after checking repeatedly. A huge sigh of relief finally escaped from her soft lips, her hands that were gripping the paper were now notably shaking less.

Reading the list of names of those that had passed away once again, she closed her eyes and finally breathed in deeply. Ever since she read the news about Marquis Lindman’s death, realization dawned on her that perhaps the next paper that would arrive might be bearing Matthias’ name instead. As much as she didn’t want to see this thought become reality, there was no other way for her to know but to regularly check for his name on the papers.

“Hi, Ms. Lewellin. Or should I call you Duchess now?” Riette turned to greet her dryly in a drawl, just before he had to leave and return to his unit. “When we meet once again, I guess your baby will have already been born. I’ll go see you both once that happens, you’re going to allow me, right?”

“Of course.”


“Thank you.” He thanked her, this time sounding genuine in her ears. “And I’m sorry.” He added shortly after.

“Sorry? For what, Marquis?” Leyla tilted her head in confusion, and Riette, on the other hand, only smiled sadly at her. At first glance, his smile, that was only lightly uplifted on one corner of the mouth, slightly resembled Matthias’.

“Just for this and that.” He told her with a wink, pertaining to all the schemes with Claudine that he participated in, while also apologizing on behalf of his beloved. Leyla couldn’t understand why he apologized for something that had long passed, but there was no time left for them to have a long conversation.

“Ah! I hope that the baby will only look like the mother. Especially if it’s a son!” After taking a few steps away from her, Riette looked back and shouted. “Think of it as a wistful wish for my nephew.” He jokingly shouted with a playful smile as he left.

That was the last time she ever saw him, her last memory of the playful Marquis. And that would be how she would remember him forever, playfully smiling while bantering back and forth with her. Leyla removed her glasses and put them down at the end of the table then rubbed her eyes wetted by tears so hard they began to hurt, her hands that were tightly clenched were as cold as ice.

The obituary, which she was only able to check after a long time, did not contain any familiar names that she knew. A sigh of relief flowed out from her once again, but her anxious heart still could hardly calm down. She didn’t like feeling this way, so she decided to go outside for a walk.

Leyla walked slowly through the residential area and towards the park at the end of the museum. When she reached the final term of her pregnancy, her ability to move was compromised by her bulging belly and that made her take quite a long time to walk even at such a short distance.

“Look at your mom. She’s just like a penguin waddling around, right?” She burst into laughter when she saw herself reflected in a shop’s show window.

“Oh! You must not be able to see because you are still in my stomach. Don’t worry, we’ll see each other soon, right? By that time your mom wouldn’t be a penguin then.” Such a funny image occurred inside her mind and she smiled happily once again.

After taking a short break, she continued walking carefully once again, waddling around like a penguin threading on ice. She noticed that there were more people like her walking around on the streets decorated with various festival ornaments, when typically, during this time of the year, the majority of the residents stayed inside at the comfort of their homes with their loved ones. Perhaps they were also like her, trying to distract themselves from the dreary and suffocating atmosphere that the war had brought to their homes. However, she could still see the affectionate faces of lovers and families out and about, showing their odd excitement and hopeful expressions on the upcoming year-end and New Year holidays. Not even the war clouds overhead could dampen their faith for a better tomorrow.


“Shall we eat something delicious for dinner tonight?” She immediately inquired her baby, trying to shake off the desperation in her bones.

“What would you like? Would you like what I like? Or perhaps something your father does?” Even if she patted her stomach repeatedly, the child inside her belly continued to be unresponsive. Feeling a little lonely, Leyla walked more vigorously while slightly kicking the floor.

“Come to think of it, mom doesn’t know what dad likes. I should’ve asked him at least once.” Her sullen words were accompanied by a white mist from her breath as it scattered in the air.

“I actually had a lot of questions for him. I will definitely ask him a lot when he finally gets home.” She murmured with determination while walking a bit faster, however, among the people walking on the street, she was still the one with the slowest pace. Just as she turned around in the corner in front of the museum, some boys skidded past the streets with shouts of news!

“An extra, an extra!”

Almost everyone in the streets froze upon the announcement. At this point everyone knew that any news would only be more updates about the war, and any update most likely came bearing misfortune. Leyla began feeling a dreadful pit in her stomach, churning uncomfortably as the worst thoughts immediately began racing in her head. With her tense and worry-filled mind, she missed the fact that she had been handed a newspaper it ended up falling to the snowy ground.

She needed to pick it up but even as her fingers twitched, her body refused to listen to her will. However, her eyes could still see the headline and the picture on the front page, which made her vision turn blurry as the strength on her feet slowly left her.

[Duke Matthias von Herhardt was killed in the battle to defend the southern front]

She blinked her eyes at the horrible sight in front of her, hoping that her eyes were only playing a trick on her. But, the awful news was still there as if it was embedded deeply into her eyes as if someone was poking a knife right through them. Deafening ringing persistently rang out in her ears as the world around her blurred out completely.

‘He promised. He made a promise to me’ She repeatedly stated his vow inside her head.

‘He wouldn’t break his word. He told me he will definitely come home.’

‘He can’t be dead. He can’t! He wasn’t allowed to die just like this!’

“Miss, do you need help?” A middle-aged woman approached Leyla, who was standing still. She picked up the fallen newspaper and kindly placed it in Leyla’s hand then continued back on her away again.

However, the newspaper fell back to the ground once more, slipping out of her fingers again as she refused to believe that everything was real. Leyla, who finally couldn’t hold back her grief, also fell down along with it.


She gasped for air, trying to make sense of the news, she knew that he mustn’t be dead, that it was not real. She tried to get back up, but she could only feel hopelessness and was unable to find the strength to get up from the freezing ground. She wanted to erase the memory of seeing the news, but she could only continue staring at it and nothing else. Shaky fingers stroked his picture on the newspaper, as if trying to summon him in front of her by just reaching out to his picture.

“Oh my god! Hey, are you okay?!” The middle-aged woman from a while ago shouted in astonishment after she worriedly turned around once again. The eyes of the passers-by followed her figure that was running towards Leyla.

“Everyone, help me!”

All they could see was Leyla struggling to breathe as she clutched her stomach desperately. The woman tried to hoist her up to her feet but Leyla was stubbornly unable to move.

“We have to move her to the hospital! I think her baby is going to come out! Come on!”



“Lies! I don’t believe it, I don’t!” Elysee von Herhardt’s sharp scream shook the spectacular parlor that was unusually silent. The Herhardt family had gathered in a hurry after they heard the news of Matthias’ death and all of them were currently focused on the grieving lady.

“I understand how you feel, but please…”

“My son didn’t die! That can’t be true!” She shook her head vigorously in denial that her gracefully tied hair became messy. “Hurry up and tell me! No, he can’t do this to me!” She hastily approached her mother in law and hopefully asked, trying to deceive herself that the news of her son’s death was just a bad dream.

“My dear…” Norma stared at her sobbing and pleading daughter-in-law as her eyes also slowly turned red due sadness. She had lost her husband, her son, and now, even her grandson. She had lived far too long and suffered so much for the same terrible reason over and over again. This was not the first time she received such news, but the deep sorrow that could break her heart to pieces that accompanied it was something she would never get used to.

“Let’s accept it, Elysee…” Norma lifted the handkerchief in her hand and wiped away Elysee’s tears. “…We should do so for Matthias’ honor. You know that, don’t you?” She resolutely declared, either to support a fellow mother that had lost her son, or as a message to her own self just to prevent herself from breaking down; or both.

Unlike her cool-headed words, her voice was shaking with grief, her eyes holding back the tears. Elysee stared resentfully at her mother-in-law, but soon sobbed with compassion, and eventually she collapsed due to shock.

The news caused a grave disturbance in Arvis.


Every servant and employee in Arvis ran about wildly and frantically upon the news of their master’s death. Messages of condolences from various business partners and clients immediately flooded the estate. Hessen, who had taken the duty of dealing with them, could only absently take their well-wishes as he sat numbly by his desk from dusk until dawn.

“Mr. Hessen, a call from the lawyer, Mr. Stauff, has arrived. He’s looking for you in a hurry.” As the sorrow that he had been trying to suppress began to rise, a servant suddenly delivered an unexpected news.

Stauff, a lawyer in charge of Herhardt’s internal affairs, was the person who helped Leyla settle in Ratz in accordance with the will of the Duke. It wasn’t difficult for him to guess why the secret conspirator would contact him at such a late hour Hessen tucked in his sorrow deep down his heart and went to answer the phone. He couldn’t break down now so it was not the time for him to mourn yet. For now, he still had a job to do.

“Ms. Lewellin is currently in the hospital. It seems that her labor has started suddenly and it’s already been a while.” Hessen’s eyes grew bigger with the sudden news.

“Isn’t it too early”?

“That’s true, I think it was caused by the shock of hearing the news of the Duke’s death. I also just received this news, I’m contacting you in advance before I leave to Ratz.”

“I see. Thank you, Mr. Stauff. I’ll do my part, too.”

Hessen put down the receiver with trembling hands. A child born on the day the news of his father’s death was delivered to the whole empire. He gently closed his eyes in an attempt to hold back his tears.

Should he reveal it?

The Herhardt Family would soon be embroiled in great confusion and quarrel over succession because of the sudden death of the Duke. If the soon-to-be-born child was a son, he would become the only successor of the Herhardt family. Thinking of the current circumstances, the child’s existence was very important and should be revealed. However, the Duke had already given his orders regarding this matter. He ordered that he would respect Leyla Lewellin’s choice, leaving everything for her to decide. In the end, even if he was no longer in the world, Matthias von Herhardt was undeniably still his master.

Hessen stepped out into the dark hallway with her lips tightly closed.

A child was born on New Year’s Eve. As if proving his existence, he let out a loud cry on a deep night just before the bell rings, which marked the end of the year and the beginning of the new year.



The nurse firmly held out the newborn child wrapped in a white cloth to the arms of the mother, who endured the pain of childbirth alone. Leyla’s face was ashen, and she was still half-conscious by the time


the nurse presented her child to her. Finally seeing their beloved child, her heart couldn’t help but to feel torn with a bittersweet happiness and despair.

“The baby is healthy.” The nurse smiled and told Leyla, before she gently handed the baby to the new mother, who cradled the child stiffly in her arms. “He’s a little small, but there’s nothing wrong with his health.”

“Really…?” Leyla asked the nurse, anxiety clearly shown on her face. Her lips trembled with apprehension as she stared at her child. He was a child who had suffered a lot already even since he was still inside her womb. Additionally, he was also born earlier than what was scheduled.

“Of course. Here, look at him.” The nurse stepped back after adjusting Leyla’s posture so she could hug the child comfortably. It was only then that she carefully lowered her gaze and finally looked at the child in her arms.

When she gently stroked his black hair, the child wiggled his small body as if silently protesting against his mother’s actions. The deep dark color of his hair made his skin appeared paler than what it is. Leyla, who had spaced out for a while, gave a light smile and proceeded to stroke her child’s cheek. The soft texture made her wonder how it could be possible for his cheeks to be so soft as her eyes slowly got teary again. Suddenly, a faint sound of bell ringing enveloped the room, and the frowning child in her arms gently opened his eyes.

It wasn’t too long, but she clearly saw it.

‘Blue…’

A pair of beautiful and clear blue eyes.

More tears poured out of her eyes, wetting her cheeks and smiling lips.

Accompanied by the sound of the bell announcing the New Year, Leyla cried while laughing, either due to happiness or sadness, or maybe both, she didn’t know. Their beautiful baby inherited his father’s pretty blue eyes.

‘Our son….he’s so pretty…’

‘Please come back.. Come back home to us.’ She pleaded desperately as she cried


Chapter 146




Summer Again







Winter soon passed, then spring came and went like a breeze…

Now the time for summer has arrived once more. The war had eventually come to an end with the Northern Union coming out as victorious, however, both sides suffered enormous casualties during the war. Whatever advantage both sides had gained from the war was nothing compared to the losses they had suffered in the end. The citizens could only comfort themselves by thinking that their friends and loved ones died fighting for what they believed was right.

A single golden tower was erected as the symbol of victory that would mark the end of such a historic war.

“What is the use of such honor in the face of sorrow?” A noble lady lamented as the procession of returning soldiers ensued. Many family members had come to greet their long separated relatives, finally reuniting with them once again. Still, messages of condolences and fond stories were exchanged here and there for the families who had forever lost their loved ones. Amidst the many questions that were asked at the moment, the most prominent was…

“Who would succeed the Herhardt Family?”

Any recent mention of the late Duke would often lead to the issue of his succession. The topic was both considered taboo and intriguing for everyone who had visited the Herhardt Matriarchs to give their condolences. Without a successor left behind after the Duke’s passing, his loyal followers had taken to vaguely answering any questions regarding succession, not willing to reveal any future plans. As much as they had wanted to proceed with choosing a fitting successor, the current figurehead of the family, Elysee von Herhardt, refused to choose until her son’s body was returned and buried in their home estate.

Until then, the seat of the Duke would remain vacant for the foreseeable future.

“They shouldn’t delay deciding for the successor of the Duke for far too long. If he had only married Lady Brandt the year before last then this tragedy wouldn’t have happened.”

“Marriage doesn’t guarantee that Lady Claudine will have a son though. Alas, they are still a very prestigious family in the end.”

“I guess that’s true.” Everyone either agreed or disagreed with various stories regarding the issue.

“Although I guess it’s also a relief for the Brandts, if their lady had gotten married in a hurry before the Duke participated in the war, he would have made their daughter a widow.”

“How’s Claudine doing?”

“I heard she’s going to have a new engagement soon”.”

“Oh, already?”

“There’s no reason for her to delay when the engagement with Herhardt Family has been nullified anyway. Count Brandt must have been very diligent to be able to find a pretty good marriage so quickly.”

“No matter how good the marriage candidate is, he couldn’t be better than the Herhardt Family’s heir. I felt so sorry for Claudine and Count Brandt when I heard the news about the annulled engagement.”

Multiple individuals exchanged their opinions with a feeling of compassion and relief. Suddenly, enthusiastic cheers began to resonate from the other side of the street.

Before long, their lost husbands, sons, and lovers were finally able to march their way back home.



The park currently felt desolate and empty since the people of the whole city had gone to greet the returning army. Thanks to this, Leyla was able to enjoy a leisurely walk more than usual. The sound of light footsteps walking slowly with the sound of the wheel rolling of the stroller, and the sound of the wind shaking fresh leaves harmonized like music in her ears. As she left the street lined with trees, she raised the shade of the stroller that casted a shadow over her sleeping child. The child, who was born smaller than normal, now grew up well and healthy, and the days where she was filled with worry had long passed. He was such a blessed child because he didn’t catch any illness even once and had a gentle personality.

Leyla continued walking and deliberately chose the way around the boulevard. The sound of footsteps continued along the quiet road. She was not confident, nor up to the task of seeing the returning army. Still in deep denial that Matthias wasn’t going to return to her side in the end, she became more unwilling to go greet the soldiers marching back home to Berg.

“The weather is so nice today, right?” She whispered to his sleeping son for no reason. Her breath gently moved the child’s soft hair. “Mom likes summer.”

She shared offhandedly, before looking down at her baby. “How about you? Well, I guess you still don’t know autumn yet.” She hummed thoughtfully, a rueful smile showing on her lips, before her smile began trembling due to sorrow.

Not even the child in her arms could stop the deep loneliness festering inside her.

She continued talking quietly to her child who was sleeping soundly, when suddenly, she finally realized that the residential area where their house was located was now in front of her after looking around. The house, which Matthias had decided for them to stay temporarily until he returned, had now become her and her child’s home. The Herhardt Family’s lawyer and butler tried to fulfill everything that the Duke promised to become a reality, allowing Leyla and their child to live a stable life.

The days she’d had since then had been peaceful.

Uneventful.

In the end, these boring days will continue in the future, because he was not here anymore.

He was never coming back.

Realizing the depression trying to flow inside her heart once more, Leyla hurriedly walked as if running away from the feeling she had long hated. In the end, it didn’t take a long time before the sadness disappeared once again like a bad dream, and she finally realized her shoelace had already been untied.

With a small sigh, she leaned down and began to tie the loosened string. As soon as she was about to tie a knot, unexpected memories came inside her mind like a raging flood.

A day she once spent together with Matthias in a strange city, where everything was so bizarre. His image kneeling in front of her as he tied her loose shoelace came to her mind as if it happened just now.

His quiet blue eyes…

The warmth of his long fingers….

The texture of the shoes she wore….

and the neat knot he tied that would shake along every step she took….

As the memory became clearer in her mind, her eyes became blurry with tears once more. She didn’t wipe the tears away, but let it fall freely from her eyes as he cried her sorrow out until nothing but numbness was left once more.

After catching her breath, Leyla hurriedly finished tying up her shoelaces and stood up. Breathing in deeply, she gripped the handle of the stroller and began to walk again, feeling lighter and more determined than a while ago.

Just as she arrived at the front of her house, the redness in her eyes now barely noticeable, she noticed a tall man donning a military uniform standing at the front of her door.

Her breath hitched, and heart stuttered.


The man slowly turned around, and although Leyla beamed at the sight of him, the excitement inside her died down a little upon the realization that it wasn’t the person who she was waiting for.

Still, she couldn’t help but to smile once again upon seeing him return home.

“Kyle!” She greeted warmly, before the sleeping child fussed and opened his eyes upon the commotion.



Kyle stayed inside the sunny living room together with Leyla’s child as she diligently prepared tea in the kitchen. The baby did not cry in front of him, but despite Leyla’s assurances that he was a gentle child, Kyle felt a little skeptical.

He would have believed her, if it wasn’t for the way the baby was looking at him. Almost like in a distasteful manner, the child seemed uncomfortable at the mere sight of him. It was a bit jarring to Kyle too, to see such a familiar face in a younger human being, but he still smiled and cooed at the child to the best of his abilities.

“What’s his name?” Kyle asked Leyla with a smile, who had just arrived with the tea as he bounced the baby on his lap.

“Felix.” Leyla answered with a sullen smile. Kyle handed the baby back to her, as she hugged the child and sat opposite of him.

The two exchanged some mundane conversations with each other, with a friend who they felt that they hadn’t met in a long time. Wars, in some way, had its way of making time stretch longer than they actually were after all. Kyle smiled at the fact that he was able to face Leyla now in a comfortable manner.

“It’s a great relief to see you home safely.” Leyla told him with a smile.

“You too.” Kyle, who quietly put down the teacup, also looked at her with a smile.

“I’m so glad that you have recovered your health and that you gave birth to a healthy child.”

“It means we kept our promise to each other.” Leyla beamed at him widely.

“I know.” Kyle’s voice dropped to a whisper as his eyes turned a little red due to the memory of last autumn that he remembered due to Leyla’s words.

Originally he received a vacation certificate and planned to visit her, but it was canceled due to a sudden change in the permit. Leyla, who had not fully recovered and just gave birth, was going to be alone with her child. Kyle wanted to stay with her but she assured him that she was going to be fine alone with a bright smile.

That day, he promised he would return as he said his goodbye. He left and was assigned to a military hospital on the border.

“Let’s meet again in good health.”

The moment he held her hand, Kyle finally burst into tears that he couldn’t hold back. She comforted him until he cried his tears dry. She told him he needed to hold his luggage tightly, to be brave. He knew her slender back was also shaking, but Kyle decided to pretend that he didn’t notice. That was how the two of them bid farewell to each other.

“Are the Duchesses of Herhardt aware about Felix’ existence?” Kyle, who was looking at the child laughing in his mother’s arms, asked worriedly. Leyla shook her head, determination in her eyes.

“Are you going to be fine? Raising the child on your own?”

“I’ll wait until he comes back.” She answered him resolutely.

He was a little taken aback by her answer, before nervously wiping his hands on his lap. “Leyla-“

“He promised. He made a promise to me.” She snapped almost immediately, cutting off anything he had to say. She then patted the child’s head, before laughing suddenly.

“He promised he’ll be back. So, I will wait.”

“Leyla…that person…” Kyle continued softly, before trailing off as he watched her eyes begin to be filled with tears.

“I know. I know, Kyle….” Her watery eyes glistened with tears, but Leyla did not lose her smile. “…But I

still want to wait. I thought he’d definitely come if I waited. I know it doesn’t make sense, but I will still wait.”

‘What should I do with this fool waiting for a man who has already died?’ Kyle stared at Leyla with an indescribable look.

He personally went to the place where Matthias was last seen. He braved the terrible battlefield himself when they realized the Duke hadn’t returned only to see the walls had all been turned to rubble and dust. It smelt like a day-old tomb as allies and enemies alike were strewn about just anywhere.

Almost everyone was wiped out.

Still, Kyle kept going because he was a medic, they needed to see if there were still survivors that they could save. Had he been anywhere other than the field hospital and was transporting critical patients during the raid, he would have become part of the casualties in the end.

There was a lot that he wanted to say to Leyla, to make her understand, but he chose to keep his silence instead. They changed the subject and talked about typical everyday stories once again, but Kyle and Leyla knew that it could never be the same as before. When they realized that, they felt more comfortable with each other. With the war over, recovery from the trauma they had garnered during the war was their greatest concern.

Leyla needed this time to recover most of all.

He clapped his hands, and gave her a smile. “Well, I need to get going. My train’s almost here.” Kyle informed them before he stood up and gathered his things.

“You’re going back to Carlsbar, right?”

“Yes. I’m going to stay with my parents until I return to school.”

“I see.”

“Take care, Leyla.” He said with great wishes and concern, before winking at the baby. “Felix, take care too.” Kyle smiled and greeted the two people who escorted him to the front door. This time, he reached out his hand first, just like what he did to a strange girl he met in the garden of Arvis, which was full of rose scent in the summer.

It was really time to say goodbye.

The day that changes one’s life may come accidentally, just as it did many years ago with him. But when that same reason appeared once again in front of him, he hoped he could greet her comfortably despite past sorrows. He could now finally accept the fact that despite his heart still longing deeply for Leyla, parting from her was what’s best for him to do. It was the best for both of them.

“Thanks, Kyle. Take care too.” Just like on that fateful day, Leyla held his hand with a smile. The child, who was looking at the two people shaking their hands with a curious face, also burst into a clear smile.

Without any remorse or grief, Kyle turned around and began to walk along the not-so-hot summer road as a cool wind blew past him.

He didn’t look back until he passed the corner of the street.



A luxurious black car stopped in front of the military hospital in southern Lovita. An old gentleman with a tired face came down when the driver in uniform hurriedly opened the door of the back seat.

“Thank you for coming.” The waiting officers bowed their heads at the old man. It was none other than the King who asked him, someone whose lineage was from the royal family of Lovita and a prestigious nobleman, to such a remote place. He said there was a serious issue to be confirmed and it was a royal order, so he had to follow it.

One of King Lovita’s beloved nephews was seriously injured during the war and was being treated at a military hospital in Berg. When the royal family of Lovita asked for prompt repatriation, the Kingdom of Berg demanded that conditions must be offered. It was an absurd task entrusted to him to inspect said ‘conditions’.

The reason was because he was the cousin of Catharina von Herhardt.


“I’ve already confirmed his identity through our most verifiable means, but I must ask for your final confirmation.” The officer who led him to the quiet ward politely explained.

“This is it.” Their footsteps stopped at the door of a certain hospital room at the end of the hallway.

When he nodded, the officers who came with him knocked briefly at the door.

As soon as the door opened, a young man, who was reclined in an upright seating position, was revealed. He was looking outside while smoking, white wisps of smoke billowed around the room. He slowly straightened himself up at the arrival of visitors. The daylight behind him made it difficult to identify him with the shadows in his face, but physically, he appeared healthy and in good condition.

These days, one can never be too careful since the war had turned many good men into insane people upon the slightest of sounds. Despite the patient not looking like a sick person anymore, his arrival to the hospital wasn’t easy. The officer who found him even had to drag his battered body to the hospital for treatment. The officer knew he was an enemy, a part of the Berg army that they’d just wiped out, but he was a medic first and foremost. He only saw a patient whose life he could still save.

And so, they cared for him and nursed him, even as he remained unconscious for a long time due to severe blood loss and injury. Whether by miracle or sheer force of will which made him survive such a massive attack on their camp, the man kept breathing. And now here he was, awake and physically able to move and was able to smoke too. His status alone allowed him the privilege of staying in the hospital rather than being sent to their concentration camps for POW.

The Herhardt Family said they were ready to hold a funeral as soon as the war ended and the Duke’s remains were recovered, but it seems they were fooled by a scammer. If not a scammer, which sane man would let himself be treated as a dead person and for what reason?

No matter how chaotic the war was, all military doctors who believed in a swindler’s words and participated in such acts should be governed by strict military law. As anger began to soar inside the old man’s chest, the young man threw his lit cigarette into an ashtray then began to walk slowly towards the group of officers. As soon as he thought that the young man’s straight posture and elegant steps were real, the old man suddenly stumbled and gasped for breath.

The young man, who glanced at him after a while, looked very calm.

The moment the old man bowed his head and greeted the young patient with a slight smile on his lips, the said young man burst into a ridiculous smile.

It was the only answer that he could give.


Chapter 147




The Color of My Happiness







Matthias watched as the trees swayed against the wind outside, his gaze contemplative as he sat in the car and observed how much the world had changed, yet not. Spring still came, and what had once been dry and brittle was now verdant with life. The border was the biggest surprise, however. Though he expected passage to be facilitated now, the car was allowed forward with barely a look and none of the previous, strict inspection procedures.

Berg lay ahead, untouched by the war, an alien planet to eyes that had seen too much destruction and loss. As if nothing had happened, life continued on there, undisturbed. By the time the long-distance trip ended in Ratz, his mind was already far away, rehashing recent events. Flashes of the collapsing wall that caught his fall as he lost consciousness were followed by his first, hazy moments as he woke up in a military hospital in Lovita. The terrible pain that greeted him allowed for an amazing realization. He was still alive.

“If I am alive, I will come back to Leyla”, was his first, fully-formed thought.

Painkillers were generously administered by the frazzled, but efficient nurses. Nonetheless, his greatest comfort was knowing what the future now held. Happiness flowed such, after so long with so little of it, that Matthias would smile and laugh through the pain, uncaring if that made him seem a bit mad. When he finally fell into a restless, medically induced sleep, he dreamed of Leyla. It’s such a beautiful dream.

The pain gradually eased, but Matthias remained in bed for quite a while, his recovery slow. By the time that he was able to move freely, the flowers that he stared at through the tiny window near his cot were in full bloom. Spring had arrived to grace the world with sun and colour again.

He knew war made simple things complicated, so it was likely that his news never arrived at Berg. Any new communication, as well, could just as easily fall prey to the conflict, lost forever. With no way to inform his survival, he chose to stand by and plan. For the next two seasons, Matthias didn’t exist in this world. What made the wait bearable was thinking of it as a time in which he was laying the foundation for getting Leyla close to him again, and the both of them to a place without a single shade.

Of course, it was still hard.


Leyla and her family were probably heartbroken by thinking he was dead, and that knowledge ate at him as he laid alone in bed late at night. But as with everything surrounding Leyla, Matthias couldn’t regret


his choices, not when he knew – hoped – they would allow him to make his way back to her. It’s still like that, now. It will forever be.

“We’ll be there soon, sir,” the driver informed him, voice calm, as they entered the boulevard in front of the museum. Matthias was overwhelmed. He kept his expression shuttered, but the redness on his eyes gave his emotion away. Uncharacteristically, he fidgeted with his clothes, straightening his posture as he rubbed creases away. His eyes caught the residential area by the end of the street and he knew it wouldn’t be long now.

But not yet.

He had a few things left to finish first. Nothing that would take a long time. The picture of grandiosity, Herhardt’s mansion in Ratz appeared as the car approached. The driver slowed down as they entered the path through the meticulously cared garden, and Matthias’ lips tilted into a pale smile.



Elysee von Herhardt couldn’t let go of the doubt until the end.

She knew it was unlikely to be a mistake, but she was too afraid to believe it. After having accepted her son’s death, she spent a long time waiting for his remains to arrive so she could hold the dignified, emotional service he deserved. But now, everything has changed.

“Matthias will come back alive!” She said out loud, as if the words would sink into her brain if she sounded them out. They did not.

Still, if the news turned out to be false, she wouldn’t be able to stand it. There was a reason why this matter was kept strictly confidential from the outside, as well, and Elysee wouldn’t discard this being some kind of mistake. She needed Matthias, in the flesh, to truly believe it. Check him over with her own two eyes. Only then.

“The car just arrived.” Hessen reported, hurriedly entering the drawing room.

The two duchesses looked at each other with a mixture of anxiety and nervousness, overwhelmed by the expectation of what came next. They heard the large, front doors open heavily, followed by the staccato sound of footsteps. Elysee stared at the door of the drawing room, holding her breath, eyes already filling with hot tears. And Norma was no different.

The women could swear they were able to recognize the steps, and they couldn’t belong to anyone else. They didn’t have to wait long for their miracle. The door opened slowly, revealing the unharmed, very much alive face of Matthias. He cautiously approached the women, who stood there, in shock, for a few moments. Elysee, however, soon broke down into tears, overcome with emotion.

The sun shone bright on the expensive carpet, invading the room through half-open curtains, illuminating this miraculous moment with a glow that seemed nothing short of divine. Without being


prompted to, Matthias strode towards his crying mother and enveloped her in a hug, soon followed by his teary-eyed grandmother.

“I’m back, mother, grandma. I’m back, now,” he said.



Leyla quickly finished preparing for the picnic by packing blankets and lunch boxes. She wore a straw hat with a wide brim and a ribbon tied snuggly under her chin. The leather bag she wore across her shoulder was full of a delicious, fresh assortment of fruits and pastries. Her braided hair hung behind her back, a simple, but neat hairstyle. Her little boy was cradled on one arm as she left the house, a healthy, pink-cheeked baby.

As if to make up for the time he was stuck inside his mother and had his growth limited by her body, the baby grew as fast as weed left unchecked. He looked bigger than other children his age, and she was already sure he would grow to be as tall as his father. As much as he was already getting too heavy to carry for long, Leyla couldn’t help but be gladdened by the thought. She wanted her boy to be strong.

It was a typical summer day in Berg, with very bright sunlight softened by the cool wind. Leyla walked toward the park, skilfully pushing a baby stroller. The child was excited and babbling, perhaps in a particularly active mood today.

“Was he like this when he was a baby?” She thought to herself.

Truthfully, Leyla couldn’t imagine Matthias von Herhardt, as a gentle and bright kid, like her son is, no matter how young he was. Perhaps, somehow, he had been an elegant baby at Felix’s age. She laughed at the silly thought, approaching the crowded park. Weekends were always busier around here, many people enjoyed the free time to go out and see the nature. Leyla smiled at her chubby little boy, and Felix smiled back adorably. That was enough.

Fixing the bag, Leyla turned the stroller to the direction of a quiet and pretty clearing, where she would have a little privacy to be with her son. On the road, by the front of the park’s centre fountain, she bought bright, colourful balloons from a stand. Felix’s blue eyes grew round when she tied the balloons to the stroller and she smiled at his reaction.

For Leyla, blue was no longer the colour of sadness. Now, it was the colour of happiness, the colour of her greatest love in this world. From the first moment her child opened his eyes and greeted the world, that was it for her. But no. She remembered a quiet morning, a face so very close to hers as she laid side-by-side with him, looking deeply into his eyes, the quiet hanging undisturbed. Maybe blue became a happy colour for her a long time ago, in a moment she couldn’t help but remember.

“Wow, the balloon is so pretty, don’t you think?” Leyla grinned as she looked upon her child, who was staring at the balloon, transfixes. Her soft, lilting voice caught his attention, and he smiled with excitement.


The balloon shook against the wind as they entered a quiet, peaceful stretch of woods in the park. The soft, nature sounds mixed with the laughter of mother and child, flowing together easily.



As much as had happened, Herhardt’s masterpiece miraculously returned to life was no different from before. Without hesitation, Matthias von Herhardt said something he should never say.

“Leyla is here.”

His tone was so calm that Elysee von Herhardt doubted her ears for a moment.

Earlier, Matthias spoke calmly of his injuries, treatment, and repatriation. He apologized for causing great concern and damage and failing to fulfil his proper responsibilities, though his tone would indicate that what happened was not remarkable in any way. Even after he had returned from the threshold of death, Matthias still managed to keep surprising her. On one hand, that was a relief.

“But what does he mean Leyla?” She thought, confused.

Unpredictable, as life was, his words were too. Elysee’s mother-in-law arrived then. The two women shared uncomfortable glances, minds confused with unlike thoughts, filled with uncertainty. Matthias glanced at them and continued to speak in a low-pitched voice.

“I have a child, too.” He proclaimed.

If their minds were confused before, they lost all reasoning now. They were shocked, their faces full of disbelief, looking at the brooding man as simultaneously they let out a gasp.

“I-Oh my God… Matthias?” Elysee, voice laced with surprise, hardly supported her wimpy body on the sofa’s armrest. She sat upright, head raised. Her gut feeling was right, she guessed right. She knew he was too invested. Even if she had guessed the relationship between the two ages ago, Elysee comprehended that the existence of the child was an unexpected truth.

Matthias, eyes holding decisiveness, looked at the old lady that barely blinked at the words he had uttered without consideration just like he had done again. “Don’t worry, we’ll go about it the proper way. I will marry her.” Another declaration from him. Another surprise for the women who glanced at him with astonishment.

“Matthias! Do you even know the weight of your words?!” Elysee wailed her son’s name, as if mourning what he could have been. “Tell me! Huh?”

Nothing. Matthias didn’t consider answering. Human nature is rebellious, once you get its taste, you crave it more until it leads to chaos. With a deep sigh, Norma ultimately leaned her back against the chair, body tired and mind blanked.


“The illegitimate child… Alright. I know it’s not a light thing. But Matthias… there are many other ways to deal with this kind of problem.” Elysee assured.

“Elysee is right, Matthias. If you think so because of the breakdown of the mixture with Brandt, feel free to go back to other great infants and children..….”

The old lady, who was continuing her words with her head in her hands, frowned as she trailed off. She tried to give it a thought but felt contrary to her own opinions. No matter how much she pondered, she understood what was peculiar.

Matthias, the man who could have reached out to Lovita’s relatives as much as he wanted, why let go of their hands and stayed in the hospital of his enemy’s country?

What else did Matthias gain in reciprocation for watching the news of the Duke of Herhardt’s death spread to Berg? Perhaps thinking the same way, Elysee von, Herhardt turned to her with an awestruck face.

“I know it’s hard for you two to accept.” Even in the face of suspicion and reprimand from the two old ladies, Matthias remained silent. Just like when they were finding out about his relationship with Leyla, the woman for whom he was ready to give up everything. Perhaps, he knew the significance of silence and the answers it gave. He understood human nature, loud and rebellious, contrary to tranquility or maybe he was just waiting for the right time to utter words.

“But the world is changing. I think a lot of things will change, perhaps quicker than they have in the past.”

“Matthias…”

“Actually, it doesn’t matter even if it doesn’t change.”

In Matthias’ attitude, it was difficult to find any willingness to persuade his opponent. As if to say that it is nothing more than a notification of the decision he had already made. His steady gaze, carrying determination, looked at Elysee. He waited for a few seconds, parting his lips as he talked.

“If it’s so hard to accept, I won’t stain the Herhardt name with my stubbornness. Perhaps that will ease your worries a little.”

“What does that mean?” Elysee von Herhardt, who was barely able to speak, asked sharply. Her hold on the armrest tightened, perhaps she knew what was coming next, or maybe she just wanted to hear the words from her son.

“I won’t live as a von Herhardt.”

“Matthias!” she snapped.

“I will leave the name of the Duke of Matthias von Herhard as it is now as it belongs to an honorable nobleman who has oxidized for the empire… I’m not that man anymore.” he continued undeterred.

Oh my god.

The joy of seeing his son, who returned with nothing different, disappeared without a trace. It’s none of your business how the world is changing, but the fact that the war completely changed her son seemed certain. He seemed foreign like she was not seeing her son but a menacing man. And the fact that Matthias is not threatening to hit.

Her son, who decided to become a perfect successor and lived a life perfectly, seemed to have decided to become something else now. Something she never thought of, even imagined it. So she knew that he would definitely make it out of it at all costs, it reflected through his eyes.

The son, who they thought was dead, came back alive. Happiness that came like a divine feeling had vanished into the quietness. And now, there were two options. Either you lose the son or accept his decision.

“This is my decision. It won’t change.” Matthias looked at the two with a determined look that cemented the sincerity of his words.

Herhardt’s two duchesses, glanced at each other, confused as to whom would initiate the step toward the child who had professed his choice.

“Now, you two decide.” With a face that still had no agitation, Matthias politely declared. “I’ll follow that choice.”


Chapter 148







The Bird Is Back

(END)






The park in downtown Ratz was large enough to contain lakes and forests, giving a peaceful scene for the city’s residents and visitors. A place that could become someone’s healing and personal one, away from the world’s gaze.

The western part of the park, with the most beautifully blended lake and forest, was Leylas’s favourite. The vista from there resembled Arvis at first glance. It sparked a flood of memories, one might say full of pain, but it remained the most beautiful and missed place on earth despite all the pain and suffering it had given her.

That place was still a part of her…

A piece that she would never forget…

Leyla unfolded a blanket, spreading it, under the shade of the tree, and took out the packed baby’s lunch box. The first picnic she went on with Felix, it was just the two of them, yet it was brimmed with care and tenderness.

She didn’t mind that this moment might not be in his memories, as he was still young, but she was assured that he would always carry the fond memories of his childhood with him, and this moment would be one he treasured for the rest of his life.

Leyla had a lot of things she wanted to give her child, the things that include happy moments with his mom, kind words, gentle touches, and a smile. The things she had wanted from her mother but never received them. She wanted to let her child know that there is someone in the world who will love him no matter what, someone who would be there for him against all odds.

Just like Uncle Bill did for her.

She would do everything for her baby.

Leyla would take on two jobs till he returned, eat well, laugh a lot, and cheer up. She would never make him a child who was half-loved without a father.

Never.

Leyla opened Felix’s lunch box before digging into her own. She watched him, happy and content, as he played cheerfully after his meal. His being focused helped her as she could eat peacefully without a need to rush.

The child crawled over to her when she took a mouthful of fresh peach, she had bought for dessert, sweet and delicious. He tilted his head, grazing at his mother through big blue eyes, every time she bit into and chewed on the peach.

Leyla looked at him, blue eyes staring back, in a daze. She saw the face of the familiar man staring back, the memory of the man superimposed on the child’s face grew uncontrollably large and clear.

All she could see was him… the same blue eyes that once looked at her with hope.

“I’ll be back. For sure.”

He made a promise, the promise, she was waiting to be fulfilled.

“I love you.”

A confession to which she had not answered. She didn’t know why but as she stared at the blue eyes, her lips parted, as she uttered the same words the man had once.

“I love you…”

Leyla lifted her glasses and discarded them on the blanket, before turning to the child and whispered.

“I love you so much.”

The moment she confessed, she felt unfamiliar like something had changed. Perhaps, because she could utter those with sincerity, and meant every word.

The child giggled, maybe he loved hearing his mom’s confession. A smile formed on her lips, eyes brimmed with tears, as she cradled her son in her arms warmly and protectively.

The baby’s sweet smell touched the tip of her nose as the child provided her mother happiness with his blissful giggles. And Leyla hugged him tighter even, feeling content with her son in her arms.



Two feet stopped at the entrance of an apartment, the man stared at the door. He lifted his hand, bringing it closer to the door, to knock.

“Hey, are you…” Just passing by the neighbor’s house, the woman gave the man with an oddly suspicious gaze. He stopped, disturbed by a voice, as he turned his head in her direction. “Did you come


to see the baby’s mother who lives in this house?” Her question, voiced with a look of relief, was tinged with wary interest. The man, with cautious, turned his attention to her.

“Yes.” He answered short.

“The blonde little baby mother in the glasses. Is that right?” Another question, she asked.

“Yes.”

“Oh, you must be a baby daddy who went to war! Right?” She, who was looking at the man’s face carefully, shouted with delight.

He must be the baby daddy. Oh my…

The woman thought, her brows raised, without waiting for a response, she scrutinised him and immediately began to fuss. “What should I do? Her husband came back from the battlefield and she went out.”

“Is her house empty?” he asked, voice deep and serious, glancing at the door.

“She went out with her baby earlier. I heard they’ll go on a picnic in the park.” She clapped her tongue with regret. Even at that moment, her gaze wandered over the man’s face, who lifted his brows, gazing back at the woman.

‘So Leyla was true when she said that her son looks nothing like her. But, his face looked familiar. Where the hell did I see that guy before?’ She thought. “Well, the baby’s mom often goes to the park. It usually comes back around sunset. Why don’t you wait at my house until then because we’ll be in trouble if the roads cross?”

“No, thank you.” The man declined the offer, looking in the direction of the park for a while, he came down the stairs and stopped in front of her. “Thank you, ma’am.” The man nodded and passed past her without so much as a backward glance. A black car was waiting at the curb, and as he got closer, an occupant hurriedly opened the back door

He was clearly no average Joe. She spent a long time staring after the car as it drove away, unable to escape her unsatisfied curiosity.

“It’s definitely my first time seeing him.” The afternoon breeze carrying her murmur ran up the quiet weekend afternoon road.



The child, who had a good day of eating and playing, drifted off to sleep with an angelic face beside his mother. Leyla watched her son, lying face to face as he dozed off. She lifted her hand and caressed his head.


The child’s hair was in mess and she could clearly see, the fingerprints stamped on the glasses, through her blurred vision. Leyla cautiously approached the end of the blanket. She began fixing her glasses and wiping them off, then loosened her messy hair.

It seemed that the child had the same fondness for her hair as his dad had. It wasn’t simply his appearance that resembled that of his father; he seemed to have adopted many of his father’s quirks. Of course, his kid is more aggressive in his approach.

He probably found something intriguing about her dazzling blonde hair, so when Leyla held him in her arms, he grabbed her hair and pulled it. He was happy and smiling cutely but she felt sorry for loose strands of hair that had-been-tugged-without-mercy in his chubby hands. There was a time when she hated if someone would, by mistake, pull her hair. She never thought a time would come, she would be happy with her hair pulled out.

With a smile on her face, Leyla began to gently untangle her messy hair using her fingers as a comb. It was useless to tie or braid, so she thought she would rather cut it short, but he didn’t like it. The fine blonde hair flowed down her shoulders and back, gracing her beauty, wrapped in the collar of a white dress.

For a second, Leyla stopped paying attention to the braid in her hair and instead stared blankly at the late afternoon sun filtering down through the verdant leaves. The calm water of the lake was also colored brilliant gold as the soft waves played with light.

“Pretty.”

A modicum of awe flowed out of her lips at how the world looked; serene and lovely, like something out of a painting, as if those hellish days when shells rained down from the sky and shots rang out, were nothing more than fleeting dreams.

Leyla sat in silence with her curled knees to her chest, her eyes drifting over the lake and the birds gliding lazily over it. Wild rose bushes wafted their pleasant scent on the breeze as it blew across the park. The rustling of the thick leaves in the wind seemed eerily reminiscent of a bicycle chain.

It was a perfectly beautiful summer day, yet for some reason…

It felt so weird…

Unfamiliar.

Memories of the blue-eyed man stuffed her heart.

‘How could he do this to me?’

‘He’s not here. He’s not coming back.’

Her eyes narrowed, staring at nature when the child’s cry roused her. She looked at Felix, who had just woken up, was looking into the air and crying. She soon realized why her child was so upset : The


balloon, which had been tied to the stroller’s handle, flew away in the wind and hung between the branches of the tree. The rope seemed to have come loose.

“It’s okay, Felix!” Leyla soothed the child in a powerful voice, caressing his chubby cheeks. “Don’t cry! Everything’s okay!”

Perhaps surprised by his mother’s courage, the toddler stopped weeping. After wiping her son’s tear-streaked face, Leyla sprang to her feet and ran over to the tree where the balloon was hooked.

“Wait a minute! I’ll get it for you!”

True to her word, she’d do anything for her child’s happiness.



Finding Leyla was easy. He felt strange as he couldn’t believe he had found her in this big park, with one vague clue that she was somewhere.

But he did.

He found her, sitting on a blanket under the shade of a tree, as she watched the scenery of the forest and the lake calmly. A place where it was difficult to be crowded because it was too remote. Even she played up her bravery, he knew his beautiful bird was actually quite timid.

Matthias then recognized the existence of another person, his child. While he was still watching his son, Leyla began to go somewhere with a strong step.

Left alone, the child tilted his head and looked at his mother’s back. Matthias took another step towards him. By the time he reached the side of the blanket, Leyla had already made it to a tree standing a short distance from it.

Just when he was beginning to wonder she was going to do, Leyla started climbing the tree. Matthias noticed a balloon dangling from a low-hanging limb, and finally realized what she was trying to do.

He picked a low, low laugh, and the child sitting quietly in the blanket raised his head. Matthias followed the child’s gaze and turned to look at him. The child arched his brow and gently blinking his eyes.

Matthias looked at his son, before turning his attention to Leyla, who was seated on a branch and preparing to catch the balloon.

And he began to take an unhesitating step toward her.



Though it was difficult for Leyla to reach the balloon, she was able to just barely grasp the string through the tree’s thin, looming branches. She smiled to herself at the accomplishment as she descended, landing on the ground safely.

“Felix! Look at this! Mom…”

Leyla, who had turned her head at the sudden noise, was frozen. She could not form coherent thoughts, let alone speak the moment her gaze met blue eyes.

A man stood not too far from the tree.

He was looking at her as he stood alert, with his back straight, and an arm behind his back. Their eyes met and he tilted his head, almost as if in invitation.The rather crooked and playful gesture, was in stark contrast to his elegant appearance.

Leyla gasped. She had suspected, but now she was sure.

It was him.

He has returned.

Her heart thundered in her ribcage, fighting to jump into his arms. Her head, though, remained blissfully blank as she stared at him. It was ridiculous how her mind was in denial , and yet her heart had reacted to his presence.

It was him, in the flesh – there was no doubt.

It couldn’t be anyone but him.

He was here.

Leyla stared at him, still clutching a balloon. She had placed a hand on the tree for support, and it continued to tremble like a leaf as she stood in a trance. The beady blue eyes crinkled near the corners as they continued to gaze at Leyla, indicating a smile.

Wordlessly, he slightly raised the hand that had been behind his back. There were ribbons tied in the sleeves of the jacket and shirt, and they fluttered in the soft evening wind.

It was very scenic, but still…strange…

She had dreamt of this moment every single day without fail, conjuring up fantasies of the second their eyes would meet again. She had had enough time to play out each scenario over and over: how she would welcome him, wrap him up in her affection till it got hard to breathe for both of them.

She had it all planned out, so why ?

Why were her feet frozen?

Why was her mind empty now, when she had thought of nothing else for so long?

Perhaps, there was no answer, not that she wanted, or he needed one.


Leyla bit her lips, trying to control the tears that brimmed in her eyes, and just used all her strength to stare at him. Matthias’s signature grin graced his face as he slowly opened his arms, unsure if that was the right move.

She couldn’t comprehend whatever happened next, and even her memories of the next few minutes were blurry, the details dim.

All she remembered was her feet treading on the ground, tears streaking down her cheeks, and running towards him. Her vision may have been a blur, but her heart could see and feel with perfect clarity.

Her golden hair was flowing as she ran towards him,faster, and faster, like he would disappear if she even paused to breathe.

Her heart continued to thump, erratic and unstoppable. She might as well have been choking on the words she had prepared for him, yet they refused to make their way to her lips.

The moment she finally landed in his arms, a soft cry escaped her, not unlike the sound of a child that finally finds its beloved object after searching for so, so long.

All her speeches and declamations went down the drain. Just one word was enough. Her one truth:

Matthias.

“Leyla,” he murmured, tightening his arms around her, pulling her closer as if they could melt into one. A balloon, that she had missed, rose high with the wind. Its string mimicking the ribbon tied on Matthias’s wrist.

The child looked at the pretty balloon floating around, with eyes that resembled his father’s. He watched the balloon float away, pouting and grimacing as if his tears had the power to bring it back. His mother certainly did.

The balloon flew higher into the sunset sky and eventually disappeared from view. The child’s eyes, sparkling with curiosity, turned to his mother and father who were still wrapped in embrace, even as his mother continued to weep.

The child kept turning his head from side to side, seemingly in pain, as if he couldn’t decide whether or not to cry like his mom. Eventually he burst a broad smile.

The lake was calm and clear as the birds slowly circled above the still water, the sky above them was a vibrant palette of reds, oranges,

The bird is back.

It was a long and pleasant summer evening with little to do, and they for sure would make the most of it.

Epilog I




Duke Matthias Von Herhardt’s news of death in the battlefield threw the whole nation into a state of mourning. Every newspaper in the country ran front-page obituaries about the Duke’s illustrious life. And it came as the most delightful surprise to everyone when he returned alive.

The surprising news of Duke Herhardt’s ludicrous marriage quickly overshadowed the amazement of his miraculous return from the dead, however.

The wedding bells were scheduled to ring at summer’s end.

Unthinkable: a marriage between a prominent imperial nobleman and a lowly orphan girl. Furthermore, she was the adopted daughter of a mere gardener who worked in the Duke’s estate.

That was just the outset of the girl’s checkered past. When word got out that she was once engaged to be married to the son of the Herhardt’s family physician, even the families with whom the Herhardts had great relations felt gravely concerned.

“He must have suffered a serious head injury! Why would he scare everyone with such a news if he was in his right mind? There are already so many patients still traumatised from the shock of war! Did we need more distress?!”

“If that’s the case, there’s no way Herhardt’s dowagers would have given their permission. I heard that he even had a child with her who was born at the end of last year!”

“I beg your pardon? So the Duke was involved in such a clandestine affair, when he was courting Lady Claudine?”

“So, now Matthias Von Herhardt is marrying the mistress who has his illegitimate child? Oh my God, I smell a honey trap.”

“This is a betrayal and an insult to us all. I wont be going to the wedding. Such a woman holding the title of Duchess is unacceptable.”

Such whispers flowed around the city like a rising tide or the leading edge of an oncoming storm.

Everyone you met or socialized with had an opinion on the looming wedding of Duke Matthias von

Herhardt and low born woman.

When someone dared to speak out in public, all the gentry would form a line behind the outspoken individual, shaking their heads in disdain and mumbling under their breath. They were always so eager to reinforce their narrow viewpoint, only backing the fight that benefited them personally. They still intended to take advantage of the situation without sparing a thought to the Duke, who they had once held in such high regard.


“But, no matter how despicable we find it, its the Herhardts we’re talking about here. It’s difficult to run a business in Berg when at odds with them.”

The Herhardt’s business empire was mounting fast. It was tough to voice your disagreement with the Herhardt without inviting their wrath. The family was in the front of an economic boom that was upending the status quo. Especially in urban areas, where they had an especially prominent role in symbolising the traditional order.

The situation appeared more dire as the wedding date for this contentious union approached. Conflict broke out among the nobility when they couldn’t decide whether to side with the Duke and ignore his outrageous decision or sever ties with him altogether.

The wedding was set for a late summer evening in the picturesque state of Arvis, just as the leaves were beginning to change and lend a brilliant hue to the scene.

And the Duke again shocked everyone by opting for a small wedding attended only by close relatives, so ending any talk of boycotting the wedding in protest. This only seemed to add ever greater outrage. Now the Lords and Ladies openly spewed offensive comments to vent their anger.

Doubt filled the rumour mill as talk was turned to that of conspiracy: The Duke was not really getting married and it had all been some jaded publicity stunt!

Nonetheless, the long awaited wedding in question was just around the corner….

It was definitely happening!



As the light shone through the bedroom curtains, which were a poor defence against the bright summer sun, Leyla could see the dried wounds on Matthias’ body.

For the entirety of the night, she had been tossing and turning in bed, unable to get comfortable enough to sleep. She awoke before daylight, lying in bed silently staring at his scars. They made a gruesome map of violence across his body and each one she committed each one to memory. The gunshot on his arm was the only wound of him she recognized.

The usual strikingly handsome appearance of him was unaffected, remaining the same both appearance-wise upon his return from the grip of death. Aside from his appereance, his gesture and facial expression remained unchanged, calm and collected as ever, carrying himself with the same air of refined elegance.

Every aspect of him was still the same.

That simply served to highlight his scars more prominently. His flawless face was in stark contrast to the tangle of dry sores and scars that covered his body.


When Leyla first laid eyes on his mangled physique, she wept. The sight of his wounds broke her heart into a thousand pieces, imagining the pain he must have gone through to acquire them.

“Don’t cry. See, my face is still untouched. Don’t you favour it the most?” Matthias gave her a teasing smile, and pointed to his untainted face to comfort his crying sweetheart.

His joke left her speechless. In her rage, Leyla punched him, but her clenched fist hardly registered on his chest. She didn’t have the energy to apply much force and hurt that man even a little.

Like that day, she reached a hand out from under the blankets and started to trace lines around the cuts. Time would bring healing, but the scars would remain. They did not tarnish the muscular physique of the Duke, but still she failed to quell her grief.

Matthias stirred, sleepily looked at her. His gentle glance emitted a hint of amusement.

“D-does it hurt?” Leyla startled, thinking her touch caused him pain and disturbed his sleep.

“No… you can keep doing it.” Matthias prodded her on, evidently moved by her touch,

A little flustered in front of his fixed gaze, Leyla jerked her hand away, “Get up! You should go now.”

“Go where?”

“Where?” Shyness showing, Leyla frowned at the happenings. “Of course back to your own room!” she continued and gestured toward the door that led to their shared bedroom. “Before the chamber maids come in.”

Both soon-to-be-weds, who had been living together at Ratz Mansion, travelled to Arvis for the wedding. The beautiful landscape of Arvis refreshed her, fueled her body and soul, but her cheerful state was short-lived.

Leyla felt unwelcome. The rumours around the pair grew in intensity with each day, even the staff were failing to hide their thoughts on the matter and openly started to display their discourtesy. No one seemed able to see past the fact that Leyla Remmer was the adoptive daughter of a gardener, despite they were obligated to treat her with the respect befitting a Duchess.

Even if the attitudes of others weren’t so obviously hostile, Leyla would still feel like an outsider. She could not act like a Duchess over night. This tense and unfavourable situation felt like it was going to last forever, no matter her efforts. She couldn’t express this to anyone, without feeling like she was letting them down.

She knew that her life after marrying Matthias von Herhardt wouldn’t be a happily ever after like in the fairy tales, but it didn’t make confronting her new duties any easier. It also did little to help her deal with the shameful predicament she found herself in.

She had no idea how she’d made it through the past week.


The Dukes residence in Arvis was a lot different place from her familiar world. She had to watch her every word and action. She felt like walking on eggshells and that feeling permeated even her own thoughts. Worst of all, she was separated from Felix, who was like a part of her soul, according to her preference. When she protested, voicing the desire to look after Felix herself, Elysee Von Herhardt stared incredulously at her future daughter-in-law.

“You are Herhardt now!”

The answer was brief, but Leyla could grasp the layers of meanings behind within that simple statement. As a member of the Herhardt family, she was expected to accept and abide by all of the traditions and rules that had been set in place without ever giving rise to her own wilful thinking.

Though difficult, she decided to put up her best effort for the sake of Matthias and their son.

She did not want to get labelled as a troublemaker, especially not with all the gossip floating around, that was bad enough without adding fuel to the fire.

Sadly, the more she tried to blend in with the society, the wider the disparity appeared to get. Despite her title, she never felt like a Duchess.

She could never manage to turn into some socialite “queen” elegant enough to represent the Herhardt’s predecessors.

The first night she spent in Arvis was a welcome reprieve from the stress and exhaustion of the first day. Night appeared with its dark and Leyla was able to unwind in her room after a long day. She was safe from prying eyes, but the room’s grandeur and glitzy decor itself affected her nerves.

Her stomach would churn whenever she made eye contact with the strange women depicted in the pictures that adorned the walls. She felt like being severely reprimanded by their fixed gaze and her heart sank. The portraits even looked at her with judgmental eyes.

She wished she could have wrapped her arms around Felix, to feel his warmth and sweet scent. But she had to let him be, somewhere in the nursery, being tended by a nanny that his grandmother painstakingly picked out for him.

That first night, she could not get any rest. Anxiety and fear kept sleeping a stranger to her as she laid in the bed, staring up at the ceiling, or out the window, unable to calm her racing mind. But then, Matthias suddenly appeared in her room, coming from a door she didn’t even realise was there.

At first, she nearly fainted. Being in a new house, new room, with hidden doors, but Matthias quickly announced himself, seeing the shock on his fiancee’s face. He took her into his arms and they laid together until the morning sun warmed up the room.

Leyla still remembered, quite vividly,when the two duchesses called them and forbade any more private “meeting” before their marriage. Despite having a child together, there was still etiquette and traditions that had to be followed and they were not allowed to share bedrooms until they were married.


Obviously, Mathhias nodded his head in agreement on whatever his mother and grandmother made a request, but he would “forget” the very next moment and and slip into her room in the middle of the night

In a way, it was like they were continuing their secret affair. Leyla was worried about Matthias’ mother and grandmother catching them again, but she couldn’t bring herself to push him out of her room.

She always felt relieved having him by her side. It felt quite similar to holding Felix like a fluffy kitten in her arms, albeit he was a little bigger and warmer. Above all else, his tight embrace gave her the most comfort and relief.

As the dawn fully clearly dispelled the remaining darkness in the room, Leyla’s anxieties had begun to fray once more.

“Go, now. Do you want us to get caught by your mother again?”

Matthias remained still. He laid on his arm, looking at her, his lips stretched out to form a mischievous grin as he watched her fluster. He found it endearing to see how much she fussed over him. She was cute when she behaved like an innocent girl trying to hide her forbidden romance from her parents.

Matthias did not wish to point out her naive act of secrecy. He was enjoying himself in his new role.

“Leyla,” Matthias’s voice was deep and velvety, but tinted with sleepiness as he spoke. His sleepy voice had an allure that made her blush. She felt bashful and awkward, unsure of what to do with her hands. She wringed them out with the covers.

“Smile, Leyla.” He said, out of the blue as he slid his fingers through her unbraided hair. There was something to his tone, a subtle hint of imposing command. Her memory flashed back to the day when she was forced to do as he said. To act however he pleased, to laugh, to cry, and to beg at his will. Leyla stayed quiet for a moment, before shaking her head.

“Don’t order me like that, I hate it.”

Matthias paused, deliberating over his next words, “Could I ask you for a smile, as a present?”

“What present?” Leyla said, pouting. She wasn’t about to entertain any of his childish games

“Well, it’s our wedding day. We should be given presents on our wedding day, Leyla.”

He may have casually brought up their upcoming wedding, but Leyla’s heart sped up and her face flushed with anxiousness anyway. She gave him the eye, started to speak, then glanced around the room before returning to him. She arched an eyebrow at him and and her countenance gradually grew pathetic, as if she were on the point of tears.

“I’m…scared.”

“What? Why? “


“I don’t know, I don’t feel like a real Duchess. I want to work hard and do my best, but what if its not enough? What if me and our son only become a burden for you?”

“That’s not going to happen, Leyla.” Matthias very calmly assured her who was almost wrecking her brain in nervousness.

“How do you know that?!”

“I know.”Matthias leaned in and placed a soft kiss on Leyla’s cheek. “Because I’m not going to let that happen.” His tone did not hold a single note of hesitation, like he had been recursing this conversation. It was very close to bold arrogance. It almost lit the fires of anger in Leyla, to hear him speak so brazenly.

This man still felt so unfamiliar to her, as if she did not know him from before.

She was so happy to have him in her life and moved that he kept his promise to come back to her. At the same time, she felt betrayed that he hid away for two whole seasons. She didn’t feel like she had any room to complain, especially when he casually said that it was all for her.

There was, as always, not a shred of regret or remorse on his face.

A man who could fabricate his own death as a means to achieve a goal should not be considered a good man. It perplexed her and she could not fathom his methods.

Nevertheless, she decided to compromise.

The moment she ran into his arms, when he returned, she embraced the wounds and sorrows of the past, as well as the uncertainty of the future.

All she wanted was to love him.

To love this man, and to be loved by him.

That was the end-all, be-all of everything.

“Again.” Matthias lovingly stroked Leyla’s cheek as he looked into her emerald eyes. She held his stare and smiled, willingly resigning any resistance.

Every day, beginning now, she surely could gift him her smile for the rest of their life. As he said, it was the morning of their wedding day!

The morning, which had started with a quiet gaze, a loving smile and a tender kiss, gradually became brighter and more passionate. The lovers remained entangled in each others arms, much in the same position they had spent the night.

“I’ll give you a present too.”


Matthias kissed Leyla on the forehead before leaving the Duchess’ room. Leyla simply smiled in reply, remaining limp on the bed, tangled within the sheets, visibly worn out after the morning full of raw intimacy.

“It will make me feel good if you look forward to it.”

After said that, he exited the room and closed the door behind him.

Epilog II




Felix von Herhardt quickly won over the hearts of both his grandmother and great-grandmother. The very same day that Mattias brought Leyla and Felix to the Ratz mansion, the Duchess’, Elysee and Norma von Herhardt, fell in love with their grandson.

It wasn’t hard to believe either, the young boy resembled his father so much and reminded the two ladies for a young version of Matthias. That striking resemblance between the father-son pair completely stunned everyone.

How could they deny a child who embodied the shape of a Herhardt so perfectly?

“Do not worry, Elysee, this is what’s best for the child.” Norma comforted her daughter-in-law. A sad expression was plated on her face, yet her voice was kind and had a hint of laughter on its fringes.

“Yes, I know.” Elysee said, nodding slowly as she tried to keep her inner strife and worry at bay. Felix, enfolded in her arms, soothed her dejected heart with a bright and innocent smile.

Early on, Matthias announced his plans to move his family to the Ratz Mansion, along with the family business . They officially announced it as “renovation for a new era” and had major plans to expand exponentially. People knew the real reason behind these sudden changes. Their scandalous marriage was too terrible for everyone to accept, yet vocally opposing it was tough.

Given the materialistic and social concerns within the aristocracy which values material adornments and social class over someone’s noble intentions or hard work, Leyla would never be accepted as a Duchess, even if she legally carried the title.

As far as they could tell, She had nothing that could be used as her spark. She didn’t come from a reputable background, or family of rulers. She had no special talent or skill that made her stand out from the rest of the crowd. She didn’t even seem to have any confidants about her, the sort of forthrightness you’d expect to find in a Duchess. She was smart and with the right guidance, she could learn to cultivate that, but it was going to be difficult for her, to say the least.

No matter how hard Leyla would try, the noble families would never accept her into the ranks of their social circles. She would never be able to meet the standards they set for others. That’s just the vile truth of the today’s social world they were living in.

Matthias knew very well how disturbing everything already was, how hard it would be for Leyla and for their family, and how draining it would be for his own peace of mind. So before things turned grave and disturbing he decided to move. He believed that it was better to get out now, while they only looked down on them, out of sight, than risk open resentment and rejection later.


The human heart can be very cunning. They looked down on those who compared their loyalties to a wagging dog. They would waste their time distracting others in showing concern for those who hold no care for their ideals and social status. If only to divert attention from their own inadequacies.

People were concerned about Duke Herhardt’s social standing after he distanced himself from the social circle, leaving the hostess’ seat next him practically empty.

“Then you will be crippled, like a bird with only one wing, would you be able to afford that?” Matthias’ Grandmother, Norma von Hearhardt had asked.

“Yes, Grandmother.” Matthias showed no hesitation in the face of Norma’s anxious questions. He didn’t give a hoot about what people in those social castes thought. “In this new era, I will make the Herhardt name shine brighter than ever and we will be the strongest we have ever been.” He continued staring at the spotless yet gloomy sky through the window for more couple of seconds, a smile on his face.

Matthias was careful not to show any unwarranted confidence or unnecessary enthusiasm. He presented his goals and ambition to the two Duchess’ as he saw it, a simple truth. His cold and unflinching attitude was more than enough to reassure the two elderly women. But they still didn’t know why he had sent Leyla to college.

“At least we got a good deal for Felix.” Elysee smiled down at her grandson.

In return for allowing Matthias and Leyla to stay in Ratz, they would have to let Felix stay at Arvis for at least one season at a time. The Duchess Norma believed that, no matter how the world changed, there was always a place for tradition and customs. Values that would be best taught at Arvis, where these values were the strongest. She hoped that the future Duke von Herhardt would grow to embrace and upheld those values.

“Fine, I will acquest your demands, mother.”

Matthias accepted her unreasonable offer without hesitation, surprising Elysee. Perhaps he didn’t realize the agony of being apart from your child for such a lengthy period of time. Given his attachment to Leyla, she expected a fight, but this did not mean that Matthias was neglecting his duties as a father. Elysee knew Matthias better than anyone else, it was not something they could question him about, but Leyla seemed to be the lone exception

Did Leyla know about this arrangement? Elysee thought to herself, as she looked up at the stage of the wedding. Could it be that it was an arbitrary decision Matthias made, that Leyla knew nothing about?

She got the impression that Leyla was not a very cunning girl though she herself considered Leyla was not suited for the position of Duchess. She could see that Leyla was struggling to adjust to her new life, but she was willing to do her best for the sake of her child and Matthias.


Elysee had wondered into the garden after hearing that people were finally starting to arrive. The flowers were in full bloom, soaking up the warm summer sun and spread dazzling colour around the border of the vibrant green lawn.

A handsome groom and a beautiful bride.

If you’ve ever witnessed a wedding, it will be nothing short of a masterpiece compared to this one.

A small number of guests were invited to the wedding, but word of the nuptials quickly spread. The story of this sordid wedding spread throughout all the social circles and the talk was of the new Duchess, Leyla von Herhardt.

Everyone, at the very least, praised Leyla Lewellin’s beauty and agreed that she was a good match for the handsome Matthias von Herhardt. They further said that the beautiful gardens of Arvis were the perfect place for the lovely couple to share their first kiss as husband and wife. Following the solemnization of their holy marriage, the sweet scent of flowers drifted on the breeze, illuminated by the rosy glow of the setting sun.

All too quickly and eagerly did the conversations slip into negativity. Putting up arguments that Leyla had bewitched the Duke some how. Matthias treated his little bride like precious jewel, which was a hard pill to swallow. How had this girl made a cold and hard to reach noble~Matthias von Herhardt behave this way?

For a little while, the disgraced nobility put aside the snub of being excluded from the wedding in favor of being invited to the reception. They hoped the to be invited to the beautiful gardens of Arvis to celebrate the up coming Duchess, that party, at the least, should be public.

The season changed gradually, but their expectation did not result in reality. The news that the Duke and Duchess were settling in Ratz rather than Arvis brought more disappointment. This went against tradition and against their nerves. There was so much to this couple that was unorthodox. The Duke von Herhardt even stated that they would not be going on a honeymoon, as the Duchess would be going to collage in the Fall.

However, the rumors progressively became true. By his countless deeds, the cold-hearted and stern Duke evidenced affection toward his wife. He was showing that he was madly in love with his beautiful wife, Leyla von Herahrdt.








Leyla walked out of the Biology class clutching her book firmly to her chest. She could always feel the stares of the other students upon, whether in class or wondering about the campus. She had been tolerating these probing gazes on herself since the first day of her freshman year at this college. She was


used to it by now. It seemed no matter where she went, she was destined to draw the attention of others around her.

The news of the Duchess spread around the campus like wildfire. People really had a hard time believing the Duchess was attending the collage, studying biology. Once the semester started, the gossip died down a little, to which she was very thankful.

They still called her Duchess, though, a grand title she was never going to get used to. She would have preferred it if they called her by her name, however, she had to bare this burden for Felix’s sake for the time being

Leyla stopped in her tracks as she noticed a group of young men staring at her. She recognized them as the aristocratic heirs to the families she had dined with recently. Unlike before when they were more or less friendly~their looks were now filled with animosity and derision—a attitude to which she was familiar with.

She straightened her stance and held her books tight. Nervous sweat started to form and she could feel her strength sap away, but her gaze never faltered.

Leyla gave a light smile, raising the corners of her lips only a little and gave a delicate nod. She imagined herself as her ever graceful and refined husband. Then, with grace and pace, she glided down the corridor, leaving the lads stunned at her unexpected internation.

Once out of sight, she made a beeline towards the stone fountain in the plaza in front of the building.

Her plan was to meet Felix at this place and then take him to the park for the afternoon.



Now that he could walk on his own and was starting to talk quite well, he only grew more and more adorable.

‘The Kind Matthias’

That was the title people had started to give the young boy. As he grew, he resembled his father more and more, but shared his mothers kindness.

“That’s why you’re so lucky.” Elysee von Herhardt, whom they had met recently, told that she was lucky in that regard. Leyla was taken aback by such kind words. Matthias was right by her side, but did not seem to react at all.

“Mommy!”

Felix called out, struggling in the arms of his nanny. Leyla smiled as she saw that Matthias was there too. He was sitting beside the fountain, silently staring off into the sky, thinking god only knows what. Felix’s cheerful shout drew him from his thoughts and he smiled as their eyes met.


Leyla ran towards them and dumped her books into Matthias’ arms, who was expecting a hug and looked rather startled at the change. Leyla thought it amusing, but was distracted with replacing the books with Felix and took the little bundles into her bosom.

“What’s going on? You said you had an important meeting today. Not busy anymore?” sshe inquired, smiling brightly as she stood before him. The child in her arms was laughing innocently too, shared her mother’s adorably happy smile.

“It ended early.” Matthias gave a brief answer and took Felix into his arm. The child nested comfortably in his father’s without showing any concern about being separated from his mother’s embrace.

“Then you can come with us?” Leyla’s eyes sparkled in expectation, but she was prepared for disappointment.

Since they tied the knot and moved to Ratz, Matthias’s work schedule had been fairly full. The process of relocating the business from Arvis was time-consuming and taxing, so he was kept busy working long into the night. He could finally catch his breath after finishing off the final steps of moving the company’s headquarters to Ratz. But, no matter how much free time he had, such an unexpected surprise visit from him had never happened before.

“Sure. Shall we go together?” Matthias said. His eyes were full of ardour and his lips rose to a kind smile.

Leyla was pleasantly delighted to discover this man’s tender side. Who would have thought this man would be willing to visit a park with his wife and son!?

She was reminded of the first time she saw him. The little boy beamed at the her, an unaided orphan girl nd grinned in a little mischievous way. She couldn’t tear her gaze away from him: the beautiful yet terrifying young Duke of Arvis.

“If we go together, I will buy you some ice cream too…” Leyla could hardly contain her excitement. It seemed strange to her at times. Being as family with him and enjoying such a lovely days together, she still found it hard to believe.

Leyla hummed a question in hopes of getting an answer from Matthias, but he remained silent throughout. She rolled her eyes and stomped the ground, embarrassed. Matthias then gave out a quiet chuckle,

“Alright,” Leyla glanced up into his eyes’ deep blue sky and saw herself reflected in those sparkling orbs. His free arm wrapped around her shoulder. “Lets go then.”

Felix grinned and chuckled as he saw his father smiling. His laughing was so contagious that Leyla found herself smiling along with him. She reached for his hand that was tangled in hers playfully. The afternoon light was dazzling and bathed them in a warm glow as they made their way to the park.


Epilog Ill

Riette von Lindmann.

The embossed letters spelling out the deceased’s name glowed brightly on the grave stone under the glaring afternoon sun. Claudine was stood staring at the name, willing it to change, for some revelation that there had been a mistake and this was someone else entirely.

The ocean blue eyes of the man who bore that name were shut for eternity. No longer could she find the reassuring peace in the quiet depths of those eyes which had always served to calm the chaos that was constantly present in her mind.

The shadows of the trees gr ew long as the sun set. They stretched out across the cemetery toward her, threatening to drag her into the cold. Claudine shivered and hugged herself tight. Her pallid face, half-exposed behind the wide-brimmed hat, bore no emotion.

The countless memories that had been cluttering her mind all the way there disappeared the moment she stood in front of his grave, leaving only an empty feeling and layers of fatigue on her face.

‘I love you, Claudine’

‘Let’s go away together.’

The cool breeze rustled the leaves, as if they were whispering Riette’s sweet words to her.

His warm blue eyes sparkled with pure sincerity seemed to be glistening in the sun. She really wanted to say yes to his proposal and escape this nightmare with the only man who truly cared about her, but he was gone now, went off to fight in someone else’s war, never to return home.

That thought burned in her heart, that Riette was not even buried under this marker, she was alone. Could he even hear her, or was she just talking to the cold wind? The shadows of the trees widened and enveloped her in a chilly, void. She sunk to her knees and let the shade take her in.

She didn’t feel the cold anyway. It is said that when someone undergoes too much bad luck, when there life is nothing but misery, they become emotionless husks, as cold as the stone the marked the death of her love, that’s what she felt now, if she felt anything.

She wished that he could some how hear her answer, for him to know that she wanted an escape with him, for it to be just the two of them.

“Yes.” She said to the ground. The trees whispered amongst themselves, at her proclamation, they conspired as they leaned into one another, whispering their deep, dark thoughts. They knew. For sure. If Claudine was back in that situation, she would still give the same answer in the end. She still wouldn’t change her mind about what she said, even now. Her niggling feelings of regret, however, were about very small things and moments.

She felt today that memories are also torture.

She recalled. Many times she had stood by the front door and watched Riette depart, never once had she waved goodbye to him.

Why didn’t she wave? Maybe if she laughed a little more around him, or maybe simply smiled to show him how happy she was. Would things be any different?

‘Hello.’

She probably started loving these words when they used to share them.

A simple “hello” was all that they had shared on the last day she had seen him. That was the last time they spoke. That brief exchange of “hellos” stayed with her. Now she had so much to say, to ask that they would have spoken none stop for days.

“Why didn’t you give up on me, and how could you love me like that?” Her mind raced with questions, but she shoved them down, letting the lump of it pass through her chest and into the depths of her soul. There is no point in lingering on unanswerable questions.

She laid the scarlet roses at the base of the tombstone. The colourful feathers and ribbons of her hat swayed and bobbed as she got up off the ground

“Hello, Riette.” Claudine returned his greeting, slightly smiling despite her tardiness.

‘Hello, my love’

She longed to hear his voice once more, and hoped he would reply. Those seemingly meaningless words were quietly engraved in the depth of her heart.

It was foolish fancy, but it did not stop her wishing just one flight of crude imagination.

‘I think we’ve said our final goodbyes.’

Claudine dabbed the corners of her eyes before she turned away from the tombstone. Without looking back, she left the cemetery and entered the waiting car. A little redness appeared in her eyes, but the hat’s brim shaded that entirely.

The car took her back to the city. The Brandt’s couple, her parents were expecting a visit from her new fiance today and Claudine was exacted to be presentable for the occasion. Her gaze was fixed on the moving scene outside, butshe paid little attention to the bright blue streets winding through the city outside the window.

Now her life had become a victim of immense confusion.

Her fiance was not tremendously affluent. certainly not by the Herhardt’s standards. He had a reputation as a gentleman and as a landowner on the new continent across the sea. This was more an


arranged marriage of convenience. This would never have been acceptable in the past, but her parents, realizing that the instability brought on by the war necessitated a great deal of change, happily selected him as their son-in-law.

Claudine remained indifferent.

The face that Duke Herhardt, who was thought to be dead, turned up alive and married his mistress, the mother of an illegitimate child, was still the hot topic of most social circles within the Berg empire, and Claudine’s name also came up from time to time.

The victim of a “filthy” marriage.

Not all of it was pity or compassion. Claudine von Brandt’s misfortune in losing her fiance to such a woman was met with glee by a sizeable portion of society. But it was just a little fuss in her eyes. She tried not to let it get to her and keep herself away from such conversations.

Her eyes, observing the colorfully bright streets passing by through the car window, suddenly reverted to their calmness. Their arranged summer wedding was supposed to take place at her new fiance’s estate across the ocean. Everything was ready to go, and all that was left to do was for her to climb aboard the boat and sail to the new continent.

The car stopped in front of a hotel On an avenue lined with high end shopping centers. Here, she was supposed to attend a social event with her mother before heading back to the Brandt mansion.

“Welcome, milady.” Said a maid. She was watching her with placid eyes.

After adjusting her hat in place, Claudine got out of the car in practiced grace. They came naturally to her now, but years of practice as a child was painstaking work. SShe confidently up the steps, waited for the doorman to open the hotel door for her, and then walked right in.

The huge, luxurious chandelier gleamed and shone above her head, casting golden light around the foyer, giving everything a very rich hue. Today as usual, the world of affectation was looking beautiful in all its splendor and sophistication.

She loved this world despite its deceptive appearance.

The world where everything was crafted with such loving elegance. The life she was familiar with, and was comfortable in.

Claudine suddenly stopped in the middle of the lobby and closed her eyes.

Was she hesitating?

Or, was she trying to forget something?

No one knew.


It was hard to tell, but deep down, she felt ready to move forward with her life despite her illustrious past.

She blinked her eyes open and resumed the step into the dazzlingly beautiful world she loved.








The car carrying the Herhardt family drove out from the university grounds and towards the park. Together, they took a stroll in the park, enjoying the spring flowers that tinged the air with the sweet smell.

They walked together like an ordinary family of three. They seemed happy enough, a couple who loved each other doting on their little child. It seemed like something out of a fairy tale: a family who had finally found one other and live happily ever after.

Mark Evers knew differently as he watched them as they walked. He was one of the few people that knew what Duke Herhardt had been doing that very morning ad it left him with a slight uncanny feeling.

After moving to Ratz, the Duke was very much a business man. He attended important events and fulfilled his duties as the Duke with an air of professionalism, however he clearly kept a strict line between formality and socialising.

The aristocrats of these formal circles found this to be an insult to their honour and they were very much outraged. They did not dare confront the Duke directly on this, they were not imbeciles and knew that to question a man who appeared to be doing his job damn well, would only look bad on them. They considered the Dukes family was his Achilles’ heel and looked to target the Duchess and his son.

They ordained to spread malicious rumours about the Duchess and spoke of the boy with less than favourable words. Their dirty talk spread like the plague and since the Duke did not put stock in such none sense, he ignored them, which only made them worse as the days went by.

That was, until now. Once word spread of what the Duke had done this day, it would stop these vicious malcontents and halt their back room whispers.

Count Stein, who was one of these ringleaders, who spread news that would spoil Countess Leyla von Herhardt’s reputation and stated that her son was nothing more than a mongrel child of unclean blood, went bankrupt today.

One by one, the Counts tobacco business and other meagre venters, collapsed right out from under him. The Duke had finalised the decisions that very morning and the Count would no doubt be finding out the news just now, as the Duke slyly stole a bite of his wife’s ice cream.


After the Duke had dealt with some other small affairs in the mornings meeting, not batting an eye, or raising a glass to victory, he returned to his family to enjoy the rest of the afternoon, just as if nothing had happened.

The ruthless man’s telltale sign was no where to be seen. No one would have guessed he had just toppled an empire with a swish of a pen, but the impact will have a profound domino affect on all those who had spoken ill of his wife and child.

Mark Evers stifled a laugh. The Duke caught sight of him and gave a discreet wave of the hand.

Immediately, he withdrew, and went wandering aimlessly, enjoying the nice weather in the beautiful afternoon light.








They were resting in the shady canopy of a tree which flowers were a delicate shade of pink. Leyla sat facing the tree and Matthias laid his head in her warm lap. Two seconds was all their son was able to sit still for before he started running in circles around the tree.

“You look tired.” Leyla said, examining his face.

Just a single “hmmm” from Matthias was all he could muster. His mind was elsewhere.

“You’re very busy these days,” Leyla carried on.

“Perhaps a little.” Matthias said softly and closed his eyes.

“What were you busy with today?”

“Just…nothing,” Matthias shrugged. “It wasn’t anything special, but important either way.” he continued in a tired voice.

He had never been this hostile toward business associates in the past, he liked to show generosity. The last time he saw Count Stein, he gave him a chance to recount his words and show humility, one last chance to gain his favour.

But the couple’s attitude remained unchanged after they openly slandered his wife and son. Last night, during a social event, Countess Stein shamelessly snubbed the welcome Leyla had extended, leaving her embarrassed in front of the whole gathering.

They had tried to hide their little whisper groups out of Duke Herhardt’s eyes but Matthias’ six senses were always directed toward his wife, Leyla von Herhardt.


After dinner, when the men gathered in the cigar room. Matthias approached Count Stein with cigar in hand.

“This cigar is proof of your families good word, Count Stein.” Matthias said politely, examining the cigar between thumb and finger, rolling it slightly. ”Would you say it’s as good as your bloodline?”

“I…don’t get your meaning.” Count Stein frowned while asking in a defensive manner.

“What meaning is there?” Matthias let out a billow of grey smoke toward the ceiling. “Such pure bloodline producing such pure tobacco, your business must be well coveted.”

“I guess so.” The Count said. “There have been some that have wanted a part of my business, but you’d have to be a rich man.” He let out a chuckle that was echoed by the stooges he had standing around him.

“Well, this cigar is fine work and a testament to the purity of the Stein bloodline.” Matthias said appraisingly.

The laughter faded away. “I’m sorry, but I still don’t get your meaning.” The Count asked

“Well, if the cigar was made by someone of, say, mongrel stock, would it taste as good?” Matthias pantomimed a sigh. “I just wish I could enjoy pure bread cigars like this more often.”

“Are you trying to make threats because of your wife?” Count Stein was starting to get agitated by Matthias’ little game.

“My, quick witted aren’t you.” Matthias smiled then stood up straight, giving a very lordly baring that was hidden until now. He exhumed authority and the playfulness of his words were gone. The Count took a step back in suprise. “I’m not joking with you, Count Stein. This talk has certainly made me interested in the tobacco business. In Your business.” Matthias said with a deep authority. His gravitas was so subtle, no one noticed Count Steins stooges slowly edging toward him.

“I believe Duke Herhardt can distinguish business and social gossip, if you wish, we can talk in the morning, when its more appropriate.” The Count said confidently. He probably thought he could scam the Duke out of some of his money and make him the butt end of a lot fo social gossip.

“Even so,” said the Duke, standing firm and tall. “I have very little patience for people like you, who would slander a good ladies name just to win some petty attention from these grovelling sycophants.” Matthias tossed the half smoked cigar into an ash tray. “Every little flaw can be used as an advantage and you are rife with flaws Count Stein, even ones you think are your strength.”

“Duke Herhardt!” The Count declared.

Matthias brushed ash from his crisp, black suite and approached Count Stein, murder in his eyes. “I am a deeply passionate man when it comes to my wife and my son.” Matthias looked out the door of the cigar room, where he could see into the sitting room and his wife. She stood alone, at the edge of the


paired gatherings. “Everyone makes mistakes, Count Stein, everyone. Some are worse than others, some condemn a man.” Matthias paused. “I look forward to tomorrow, when even emperors may find their empire razed before their helpless eyes.”

Giving a bowed to Count Stein, Matthias strode out of the cigar room and went to fetch his wife. The party had soured and any prospect of building bridges was dashed before ground was broken. He really waited patiently. However, the pair brought doom upon themselves by spreading further slander about Leyla and Felix when a simple gesture of apology could have saved them.

“Then, What is this wrinkle for?” Her soft touch brought Matthias back to the present. He opened his eyes and looked up into hers. They were pools of deep curiosity and looking into them made his heart itch with warmth. But he closed his eyes again after grinning a bit to avoid the boring topic. There was no reason to let Leyla know that Stein had gone bankrupt.

“Are u feeling unwell?” Leyla asked worriedly.

“No,”

“Really?”

“Really.”

“Alright. Get some sleep, then.” As Leyla’s soft fingers traced his face, Matthias closed his eyes in comfort. They tingled his face and sent him into a trance. He didn’t feel sleepy, still, he nodded his head obediently.

His tender-hearted wife would showered him with unending affection when her husband looked even slightly unwell. Now he knew how to put it to good use. Scars on his body could prove useful on occasion.

Even while it made Matthias feel bad, but he loved the moments when Leyla would seem heartbroken and upset, only for the fact that it gave him a sense of purpose.

At that time, it seemed that he was the only one in his world, when there was no one else in the world but the two of them. It was like this most of the time, even when they walked crowded socials, or bustling museums and art galleries. Even when Felix ran around them, laughing and giggling at his silly games. There really was no one else in the world but them two.

“Don’t get sick.”

He felt a gentle twitch in his ear from a faint, hushed voice. Leyla’s hand that had been holding his cheek a moment before was now gently stroking his hair, an action which was her own special way to show her love for her husband.


There was peace and quiet until his wretched son destroyed the atmosphere. His beloved wife, who had been kind enough to give her lap as a pillow, had to leave to comfort their fussing baby, leaving behind a cold rolled shawl for him to use instead.

Matthias slowly opened his eyes and turned his head to look at them, his chest slowly being filled with disappointment while myriath of thoughts started to swirl inside his head.


Epilog IV




Matthias laughed as his son toppled over, but he knew it wasn’t serious because Leyla’s face didn’t show traces of deep concern. Instead, her face showed an expression of exaggerated sympathy that was suitable to help soothe their crying child. He stopped laughing soon enough when he caught a glimpse of his son, whose face was screwed up and red from crying as he clutched to his mother’s nape.

Being a father for the first time, he had no idea how to deal with the child. It felt awkward for him to care so much for a child that he had once tried to kill, even when Leyla protected their son wholeheartedly while he was away to participate through the war.

However, the child’s innocent smile made him change his mind. His smile closely resembled his mother, reminding him of his beloved wife. That child resembled him in a lot of ways, notably in looks, but he took after his mother in areas that mattered to Matthias the most. His feelings for the baby quickly grew, and his love to his kid only deepened with each passing day.

He decided to get up from the grass when Leyla, together with Felix clutched close to her side, sat back down next to him. He was happy to join her allotted time for family bonding since it was her most favorite way to pass the time with them. Although he felt awkward when she declared it was family time, deep down in his heart he actually adored and enjoyed every second of it.

He could feel Leyla’s gaze staring at him, admiring him with that exact same smile Felix was sporting now, all thoughts of the recent tumble gone from his head. That exact same smile was the reason he loved their son even more, the same smile full of warmth as his beloved little bird.

“I’ll make something delicious for you tonight.” Leyla said in an excited voice as Matthias nodded and scooped up Felix in his own arms. She still loved to cook even after becoming a Duchess, much to the chagrin of the cooks he had hired, particularly when she wanted to make something savory for her husband or son. The butler had mentioned it numerous times, but the Duke never seemed to mind, likely because he didn’t want to limit his wife simply because she was now a Duchess.

During the early days of their marriage while staying in Arvis, he was already adamant about not dragging her down with the title of Duchess. He did not wish to see her groaning under the pressure like an overladen bookshelf or struggling like someone who wore a wrong set of clothes, just to play such a role.

She was a free soul who needed a vast field to flutter her wings, someone who still loved him dearly despite all of the torture she went through, and his beloved who still returned and forgivenhim for his misdeeds even when he had forced her to leave him. Such a lovable woman, It’s easy to understand why he became resolute to be her dazzling sky, showering this beautiful flower with all the love and sunshine she desired from him.

Because she was someone he loved with everything he had.

“Oh, I just remembered, aren’t we going to the Imperial Palace next week?” Leyla suddenly asked, bringing Matthias back to the present. He reckoned she was talking about the Empress’ upcoming birthday celebration.

“Don’t worry, Leyla.” He smiled and brushed his fingers through her messy hair, the spring breeze seemed to be harsh to her glowing beautiful locks. “Everyone there will be kind.”

By the time of the birthday party, the talk of Duke Herhardt’s take over of the Stein tobacco industry would have spread far and wide. This would act as a valuable lesson, and a clear warning, to those who harbored wicked thoughts regarding his wife. And he knew she would never speak out against the “noble” class’s cruel treatment of her. In the end, she was too much of a devoted wife that she didn’t even want to burden her husband with such little matters.

However, without Leyla’s knowledge, Matthias was aware of the circumstances she was in. While she might be able to brush off other people’s opinions of her, he simply couldn’t stand to see her disrespected. Maybe he can’t change the minds of the narrow-minded classists in a day, but he can make efforts to force a change and show that he would not condone any ill treatment that would befall on his dear wife. She might have been born as Leyla Lewellin, but she was now Leyla von Herhardt, the Duchess of Herhardt and his wife. No matter how her title was earned, he demanded that they would respect her appropriately regardless. Others might see his wife and son as a weakness to exploit, but they were his strength, and he was much stronger with them at his side.

“Yes, I know. I will not worry since I’m sure I will do well.” She replied unconvincingly, silently hiding her misgivings while nodding her head. It was obvious that it was her futile attempt to avoid disturbing his pleasant mood after such a wonderful day.

Nonetheless, it was time for them to go home. After the car pulled up outside the Ratz Mansion, Matthias wormed his way out of the car, closely holding his sleeping son on his shoulder. Leyla followed closely behind him, gliding outside of the car like a dancer and smiling crookedly at the lovely scene in front of her.

Family. Family was such a beautiful word that she adored deeply, and of course, he naturally loved everything she treasured. The three of them entered the mansion together as she began to chatter gleefully about the evening’s meal while he only half listened to her prattle, his gaze kept going back and forth between his wife and son.

Today was one of the loveliest days in recent memory.



Did Mathias’s comforting words from a few days ago truly come true?


The day of the Empress’ birthday finally came around. Leyla had been fretting about it for the entire week, but the woman who had shown her such malice before seemed oddly indifferent toward her while some even extended awkward greetings.

“Did you do something?” She asked her husband during their journey home.

“I told you not to worry, didn’t I?.” He only looked at her without answering her question directly. “Everyone will treat you with kindness and respect, haven’t I told you?”

“Oh? Did you really?” Her bright eyes stared at him as if lighting him on fire as one side of her lips contorted in confusion.

Matthias laughed that she pretended to recall it only now. “Yes, I told you. In the end, I only needed to do just a little bit of encouragement and that seemed to work.”

“Really?”

“Yes, why?”

“Well, that’s very kind of you.” She sat back, an obvious desire to cross her arms together written on her whole being. He knew she always did that when she didn’t get what she wanted.

“I’m glad you like it.” He hummed, obviously being so uncooperative to her interrogation that she had to give up in the end. Instead, they both ended up looking out of the window.

They were passing through the city of Ratz, which always went through the seasons faster than their neighbor, Carlsbar. With the window slightly opened, the spring breeze brought in the scent of roses, lifting Leyla’s mood a little by its sweetness. As she closed her eyes, Matthias kept his gaze on her, the sweet scent of roses lingering in his nose.



They were going to spend the weekend together without Felix, who would be staying with his grandmother. They were very nice ladies, but Elysee von Herhardt can be very blunt at times.

“Matthias, I never thought you’d be so stingy with your wife!” In a confrontational stance, Elysee narrowed her eyes towards the pair. Leyla’s face stiffened when Elysee’s gaze turned towards the emerald necklace she loved so much to the point that she wore it everywhere. “She is always wearing that necklace, I fear that the Duchess of Herhardt will be criticized for having only one piece of jewelry at this rate.” Elysee declared.

“I chose this necklace myself because it brings out my wife’s natural beauty more and to me, she is the most beautiful with it.” Matthias stated with an imperious tone of respect.

Elysee’s expressiony turned to mild surprise but she understood his point of view. There was nothing to be angry or upset about, albeit it was a bit unexpected and disappointing to her.


Hearts colliding, skin touching, faces beaming with happiness, they both bade farewell and left the mansion, taking their steps towards the world waiting for them. Holding each other’s hands, intertwining their fingers, they strolled toward the street.

“Thank you,” Leyla murmured as she grabbed her husband’s arm tightly, moving closer. They paced down the sidewalk outside the museum’s exhibition halls.

“For what?” He asked, his gaze fixed on her, smiling.

“Uncle Bill’s Necklace.” Her reply had his smile vanish. He watched, as she stroked the piece of jewelry, the glint in her eyes. The necklace, adorned with pearls and emeralds, glimmered around her neck matching the dazzling gleam in her eyes and her soft glowing skin.

He thought, as he glanced at the woman beside her. Matthias had no intention of destroying the illusion that Uncle Bill had bought the necklace. Not that he meant to deceive, rather, he was trying to protect her future happiness.

“Thank you for saying that,” Leyla’s eyes gleamed in a soft green light. Matthias graced her with a small smile, choosing to remain silent. It was needed at that time. The silence was necessary, secrets that resided in his heart, it held their futures and he planned on treasuring them.

They strolled hand in hand down the street between the exhibition halls, basking in each other’s affection and the peaceful atmosphere. Matthias was reminded of their wedding day, when he had made a promise to Leyla, hands in hands and stares owning emotions, with a sky as rosy as her.

‘I will be your sky,

so fly freely and as long as you don’t leave me,

Your every hope will be yours.

I love you.’

She didn’t understand what he meant until after the reception. She was shocked when she found that they would be moving to the Ratz mansion, rather than staying in Arvis. Her surprise had only doubled upon the revelation of the fact that she had been enrolled in the college.

“What the hell did you do?” Leyla had demanded, more out of shock than anything. “I didn’t ask for you to do this, why would you do this on your own accord?”

She had been appalled. And truth be told, anyone would be.

Matthias just smiled at her, “I’ll do anything for you, Leyla, you don’t need to ask.”

His brazenness in providing for her was infuriating at times, even downright selfish. At the moment, her feelings toward him were primarily annoyance. And now that time had passed, she had realized what he was thinking when he took such drastic steps and the only answer she would get was;

compensation,

for all the pain he had caused her in the past.

Every attempt at mending her wings was because he had broken them before out of pure but twisted love. But what was disappointing was that he had used their son in order to make that happen.

Matthias loved his son- so much, that some days it seemed like he would drown in the depth of his love for his son. Leyla was concerned, scared, and anxious that the father and son would be at odds with one other, that there would be walls hard to cross between them. But her fears quickly gave way to a feeling of overwhelming joy. Leyla almost thought it a dream, but he had proven himself a commendable husband and father.

She could now barely imagine looking at him with hatred.

She glanced at her husband, mesmerized by him, who was gazing at a painting displayed for the people.

His eyes shimmered under the sunlight, playing hide and seek, through the window.

He looked ethereal.

He turned his head, looking down at her, and tightened his hold, possessive yet gentle, around her hand.

They explored a few more exhibition rooms, clinging to each other like lovers. Everyone else in the world would be green with jealousy if they had a glimpse of them. As they walked, Leyla chattered away about her time in college, Felix’s impressive vocabulary, the curtains in the bedroom she had changed a while ago, and summer vacation plans. Stories that were mundane, yet affectionate. The small gestures and signs of contentment.

Matthias looked adoringly at his wife. Every time she closed her eyes to think, the shadow of her long lashes would flutter like a butterfly, and he felt hypnotized by her beauty. She would face him again and start talking, the sparkle in her eyes would light up the room. But for him, it was his world that she would brighten with her pretty smile.

It was the face of a woman he had tried and failed to comprehend, and that had driven him crazy in the end. It was a woman that he had ruined once, engulfed in his twisted desires and fantasies.

Now, he finally had this woman completely…

along with her blissful love.

For him, love was merely a noun, and she was its very definition. Now, at the end of it all, he was able to walk around holding her hands. He could say it now that she was his, completely and utterly. Without end; forever and ever. They had started again, this time as lovers, as a couple, and as a family, filled only with love and without hatred or sorrow.

“Matthy,” a murmur, a lullaby, to his ears. Leyla stopped walking suddenly, raising her head to look at him. Her eyes, visible through the thin gold-rimmed glasses, gleamed brightly. “Don’t you want anything from me?” She questioned. He blinked, taking his time, as he spoke.


“Should I?” Matthias asked, not entirely sure where this conversation was going, but he would listen to all of the things she had to say.

“Yes, of course… you always let me do what I want to do, and give me everything I could ever ask for, without ever needing to ask for it,” Leyla said, looking guiltily off to the side. Perhaps, she wanted to compensate him for his every affectionate action.

He never wanted her to return the favor, for all he knew was giving her the world.

“Well, I don’t think there is anything. I don’t seem to need anything.” Matthias replied, gazing away into the distance. As he spoke, he realized no words had rung truer. “Yeah,” Matthias looked at Leyla again. “Nothing”, he could answer without any hesitation. “Everything I ever wanted, everything I wished for, I have them now.”

The only longing in his life was Leyla. A sweet truth, an addiction, and for it he was ready to give up everything.

“What if I said I wanted more things? What if I was so greedy as to ask- everything from you?” Leyla said, squinting her eyes.

He turned his body towards her, moving his hand closer to her face, he caressed her rosy cheeks, his gesture as languid and full of love as the afternoon sun.

“You can take everything if you want to,” his thumb grazed her skin, eyes holding raw emotions, that felt warm under his touch. “Whatever you want, Leyla,” Matthias spoke, his tone mellowing out again.

He enjoyed the idea of a greedy Leyla, being able to satisfy her harmless greed. It opened up in him a need to fulfill all her wishes and gave her the world. And if she could be as open about what she wanted, it would only make his work as a loving husband all the easier. He wanted nothing but to make her happy.

He wanted to make her smile, bright like the sun, that belonged to him. Just being held in this girl’s clear, gentle gaze already made him feel like a king who owned everything in the world. Her mere gaze, like a drug, would engrave in his mind forever.

Feeling embarrassed, her cheeks turned crimson, Leyla hurriedly turned around and started walking; Matthias followed close behind. Following her steps, not skipping a beat.

At times, she still felt afraid. Afraid of the depth and intensity of his love.

Could they ever find the perfect love they yearned for after being apart for so long?

Or was he just trying to make up for lost time?

Deep down, she was concerned that he was still only playing the part of the loving husband. Fulfilling her every wish, a way of blackmailing her to stay with him as penance for the past.


However, in the time they had spent together, her worries had faded and she now felt at rest. She felt completely comfortable laughing, crying, or venting her anger in his presence. Perhaps, he liked watching her being herself. He would smile watching her genuine self, you don’t behave like that around people you’re not close to.

He was like a shadow lingering for darkness, that never left her side. He would be there, arms wide open to embrace her in comfort. And she believed that she would never be lonely again so long as this man was in her life.

“Think about it again, though.” On their stroll in the sunny park, Leyla stopped again. Her eyes looking up at Matthias were more determined. “Even though you have everything, there must be something that really you want?” she seriously asked, but Matthias still could not find anything.

“Then… how about a daughter?” She blurted out.

It caught Matthias completely by surprise and saw across the street, where Leyla had been looking, a young family swinging a young girl between them. They looked so happy and laughed each time the girl was flung into the air.

“A daughter?” He asked slowly, his eyes narrowed.

She felt her cheeks heat up in an instant, as embarrassed as she was, she didn’t avoid her husband’s gaze. “Before, when you named my baby, you wanted a daughter.” She said.

“Oh, that,” Matthias said, recalling the fond memory, smiling at his wife’s words. “At that time you said you couldn’t live without the child in your womb.” He expressed, turning his gaze away from her.

“Yes.”

“That’s why.” He murmured, eyes gazing at distant, calmly.

“What do you mean, Matthy?” Her eyes narrowed, curiosity lingering on the verge.

“If a son was to be born after my death, you might have lost him to the Herhardt family. You loved that child in your womb too much… I would never want it away from you.” He reasoned.

“Is that why you wanted a daughter?”

“Yes,” he kept his answer simple, transient, as he admitted. “Though contrary to my wishes, we had a son. It is just fortunate that I came back to your side. And one Felix is enough happiness for me.”

At his completely unexpected answer, Leyla tilted her head in embarrassment. “Nevertheless, what if it’s a daughter who resembles me?”

Matthias thought on it for a moment

A daughter who resembled Leyla?

Matthias looked at his wife, feeling uncertain.

He tried to imagine. Leyla Lewellin of a very young age, whom he did not know. And he also wanted to love that lonely and pitiful child. He could not turn back time, so it would not be so bad to have a daughter just like Leyla, to love and raise her as if he had found that little Leyla.

But, even if it was a child who looked just like Leyla, she would not be the same as Leyla from her childhood. To him there was only one Leyla, his wife, he wanted. And thought of any other girl just like Leyla… it felt foreign.

Matthias shook off the thought and snapped back to the present moment, looking at Leyla, his little bird.

“Why do I need a daughter who looks like you?” He asked, softly, gazing into his wife’s confused gaze. “I have you.”

I already have you.

His cerulean blue eyes looked into her sparkling, emerald-tinged eyes. His only longing was still this one woman, which would not be changed even at the end of his life. The only woman who owned his heart, his whole existence.

He leaned in and kissed her cheek. His answer was that.

Time seemed to stop, Leyla felt her breath stop, as she felt the warmth of his soft lips on her skin. The lingering feeling of his touch, which held power over her soul, consumed her being. She tried to step back, gazing at him with a blushing face, but Matthias did not seem to want to let go of her cheek.

As much as his answer sounded a bit selfish, she couldn’t hate it, it felt like a sweet confession to her ears, lovely yet soul-consuming.

Leyla extended her hand to Matthias, who had left her cheek and backed away.

“Hold my hand,” looking into his eyes, she spoke again, “Hurry up!”

Matthias let out a soft chuckle and without hesitation, wrapped his warm hand around hers.

“Never let go of my hand,” she whispered, her eyes shining brightly, as she smiled at her husband.

“Never, Leyla… Never.” He murmured, intertwining his fingers with hers, as he tightened his hold on her hand.

Holding hands, the two took a leisurely stroll through the rose-scented park. Leyla was more talkative and Mathias seemed happier than usual. It was that kind of afternoon, ordinary yet special.

Spring was truly such a beautiful season.

The spring with a lover who would love you very much, and for a very, very long time.




《	End 》



Side Story 1







Already late in the night, yet still the doors to the study remained shut.

Matthias had taken to staring through the small gaps of the doorway, where the light inside the room would spill into the darkened hallways. For days, this had been his routine, all because his ducchess would keep herself behind these closed doors.

His hand would find itself reaching out, resting on the intricately designed wooden frames of the double doors, ready to throw them open. He could do it too, for as much as they remain closed, she never locked it.

But instead, he lightly knocked on the door, hesitant on whether he should disturb her.

But no answer came.

He should be patient. After all, this was the last day before the final exams. She needed all the time she could get. But after pondering for a moment, Matthias eventually shrugged to himself and proceeded to open up the doors.

And there she was revealed to him.

Form hunched in sleep over her open notes and books that were sprawled across her desk. Her glasses lay mushed against her face.

She must have fallen asleep without realizing it.

And so he smiled at the adorable picture she painted for him. Even her pen was still grasped loosely on her hand, hanging treachurously on delicate fingers. He tilted his head.

Was it worth it, waking her up?

A fresh scent of roses wafted through the open window on an early summer breeze. He stalked stealthily closer to his sleeping wife, eyes staring intensely at her unconscious form.

The breeze that flew in combed through her stray golden locks, making them flutter. He lifted a hand, lightly carding his fingers through her golden crown.

She began to stir, before blinking blearily uo at him.


“Hello Leyla,” Matthias whispered, leaning closer as he bent to her level, letting the name flow in a whisper over her fresh cheeks.

Leyla groggily sat up, struggling with her disheveled hair and her glasses.

“I just closed my eyes for a second,” she mumbled in excuse, brushing her warm cheeks with her hands.

Matthias gave no particular answer, just watched her still with a faint smile.

“R-really… just for a second…” Leyla opened her eyes again with a jerk, fumbling to come fully out of sleep without looking at Matthias.

It was an amusing sight to see, to be honest.

It had been almost a year since they married, still Leyla found it so puzzling why she would still feel so flustered around him.

Gathering her bearings, she quickly swept up her wayward hair into a single ponytail before turning to properly look at him and saw her husband staring out at the window, and into the night sky.

The stars twinkled beautifully into the night, gracing the skies with their countless presence. Its light, glittering down on the sleeping earth beneath them.

But even in the dim setting, she could see him as clear as he was in daylight. His presence would never be diminished for her.

He stood in the middle of the study, framed by the fluttering curtains as he stood in attention, his feet slightly apart.

As much as she wanted to pay attention to the other visual luxuries in the room, she’d always remained focused on Matthias alone.

“Hey, Matthy,” Leyla called out, out of the blur, startling when he turned his head and met her eyes suddenly. The same mischievous smile hovered on his lips as he answered by flicking his chin.

“Can you stop staring and get out?” she asked politely.

“Are you going to sleep again?” he teased her, to which she flushed indignantly.

“No!” she protested immediately.

The notes she had been reading had an unmistakeable ink stain, which prompted her to flush further at being caught, even as she tried to act nonchalantly in front of him.

“I’m going to keep studying.”

“Really?” he quirked up a brow at her, her blush deepened further.

“Yes!” she declared with conviction, before immediately flipping a page as if to show she already was.

However, it only served to amuse Matthias more, making him chuckle softly at her childish indignation.

“Go on then, study.” he told her lightheartedly, but she only pouted when he made no move to leave.

“I can’t while you’re here!”

“So?” He quirked up another brow at her, “It’s not as if I’m going to be disturbing you. I’ll just be here, quiet and calm.”

They stared at each other for a moment, before Leyla eventually relented and tried to return to her studying.

But try as she might she couldn’t find it in herself to focus on the words in the pages. It was a ridiculous notion, she grumbled in her mind, studying right next to a man who was doing nothing but stare at her.

She’d rather study next to her baby son, Felix if she could choose.

A frown marred her features, trying so hard to fight down the obvious flush on the face when she felt his continued gaze on her.

Unable to ignore it further, she finally turned to him speaking calmly as though his presence alone wasn’t bothering her.

“Please leave me alone, I need all my focus to study.” She told him, and Matthias couldn’t help himself but tease her.

“Some honor student you are! Shouldn’t you have studied for the exam in advance?”

“Of course, I did!” she snapped in annoyance before chiding herself for falling for his teasings again. “But even if I did…” she trailed off, unable to further explain why she kept isolating herself in the study.

Matthias chuckled at her speechlessness. He soon began to approach her, until his shadow now draped upon her small figure.

“But what?”

“Y-you never know,” she stuttered, shrugging pathetically in nonchalance, “I might have missed something. There’s always more to study.” she answered meekly in a soft whisper, as though she herself wasn’t convinced with her answer. Even still, she refused to lose to him and kept her eyes locked on his.

She knew that even if she didn’t rank first in the exams, it wouldn’t be the end of the world. But holding such esteemed position wasn’t an opportunity she was eager to miss. After all, not only was she the only female student, she was also the new Duchess Herhardt.

The main person of interest in the most recent scandal among the nobles. One of the many reasons she was being ignored and rejected by her peers. And she wasn’t eager to lose face in front of them either.

Upon her silence, Matthias eventually nodded, wordlessly relenting as though he’d read her mind.

“You’ll do great, Leyla,” he said softly. “You’ve studied enough.” he added, cupping her cheek as he fixed the glasses on her face.

She merely looked up to him in apologetic regret, before she appeared to be relieved at his touch.

Just as she began to lean in to his warm palms, she immediately pulled away and shook her head. There was no time left for her to regret. Or relax.

Matthias oulled his hand away, which gave her a little bit of relief, but only just. If he’d leave her alone then she’d be so thankful! But alas, he was still in the room with her, staring at her in an indecipherable expression.

She eventually looked back down, avoiding his gaze when she heard him chuckle at her once more. She’d just about enought time to look up to scold him for teasing her further when…

Warm, and soft lips had descended upon hers.

Her eyes widened in pleasant surprise, before the needless want in her flared up, and her eyes fluttered close to welcome his kiss completely. Calloused hands cupped her cheeks, before deftly pulling her glasses off, setting them down on her desk and away from their line of activity.

Their breaths intermingled as they sighed against and met each others lips once more for more kisses. Knowing she did not possess the willpower to stop him, she gave in fully to her desires and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him in deeper into her.

She ran her fingers through the nape of his neck, brushing up of the soft, short strands of his dark hair.

They rivalled the softness of her son’s bed of hair, who held the same shade as his father’s.

They went on kissing, unhurried and unbothered by the passing of time between their liplocking. As soon as they werr finsihed making out, Leyla’s face rivalled that of a rose’s with how warm her face had become.

Matthias came out looking as regal as ever, looking a little too pleased with himself at the slightly dazed look she was sporting after their sensual dance of tongues.

It enticed him even more to dive in for another kiss. As though sensing his desires, Leyla instinctively began to lean in closer to him, but had paused when his scent and warm breath began to pull away.

She blinked back the kissed daze she’d been in, and found him replacing back her glasses, hanging them gently on the bridge of her nose.

She blinked up at him in puzzlement.

“You’re studying, Leyla,” he whispered with a miniscule smirk as he brushed his fingers across his lips. “Study hard.”

With those parting words, he immediately backed away.

She was still reeling from their kiss, and gaped at his retreating figure in shock. Still feeling hot and bothered, she gasped at his audacity as he turned to look back at her.

“Oh, so now you’ll leave me alone, Duke?” She huffed at him in annoyance, both her hands resting on her hips, “Oh sure, I can completely focus now on my studies, thank you very much!” She added sarcastically as she whirled back around to sit on her desk and gripped the pen tightly once more.

Matthias only smirked at her, tipping his head into a bow as though she was the queen and he, her servant.

Eventually, she broke out into a resigned smile, unable to actually be angry with his teasings. Not when he does them so elegantly.

He remained smirking at her knowingly, even as he left the study with pleasant gait. As soon as the door clicked shut, Leyla finally let out a long and drawn out sigh of relief.

Their midnight encounter had gone exactly as she expected. Try as she might to get back in that mindset of studying, the stirrings he left in her remained persistent.

What an infuriating man indeed.

Unable to continue, Leyla turned to cooling herself down, patting her cheeks to lessen the flush on her facr. Once she felt cooled enough, she grabbed her pen once more and striaghtened out in her seat.

It was time to resume her studies. And study hard she would.

Just as her mean husband had requested.



This semester, Professor Lorentz had started notifying students of their grades by hanging posters on the wall. Even the most disgruntled student wasn’t willing to seek out the stern, strict Professor in his own private lair.

Leyla dug skillfully through the crowd of students and approached the wall. Today, when Professor Lorentz announced the grades for his exams—always the last of the semester—was also the day when the rank of the biology department was decided.

“Congratulations, Duchess. You must be very happy.” drawled out sarcastically by the familiar voice of Count Lehman. He like many had been displeased with her, magnified only when he kept ranking second only to her in all their subject studies.

The Count had made no move in hiding his distaste for the new Duchess Herhardt. After all, she was the one he would always lose to, not to mention she had no qualms in also treating him less than the way he expected to be treated. Under her gaze, he could always feel her disdain and scorn for him.

It unnerved him greatly, and annoyed him all the more.

Even as he dressed immaculately, and kept his hair neat, the very same eyes would stare at him. As though she saw right through him, and into his greedy heart and soul.

It didn’t matter if she nabbed first place again, he won’t let her take this victory with ease.

“Seems like the new Duchess always gets what she wants, ey? Whether it be her marriage or her study.” He proclaimed haughtily out loud, venom dripping with his words. A round of laughter errupted with the crowd around them.

Ignoring him, she kept looking for her name, squinting lightly as she searched through the posters. She hummed pleasantly to herself when she finally located her name.

Perfect score, as she hoped it would be. And with that, Leyla von Herhardt was the top student for yet another semester.

“You’re very kind, Count, to being the first to congratulate me so earnestly.” She looked at him with equal haughtiness, mirroring her husband’s stance and poise. Her voice trembled a little, but she did not let it stop her.

Because unlike the previous semester, where she was trying to avoid making enemies, the Count had done something that greatly earned her ire.

He dared insult Felix in front of her.

Any other mistake, and she might try and gain a mutual understanding with the count. But not anymore.

“You seem to be more generous than I thought, always giving me more opportunities to be the first rank in every semestral finals.” She smiled tersely at him, “I shall enjoy this vacation immensely. Have a great summer.” She finished, and nodded to the Count, ignoring the way his face flusyed red in anger.

Leyla clasped her hands lightly together and gave a polite greeting to her fellow students, stepping gracefully and cheerfully down the sidewalk by the posters, almost as if she were skipping in her steps.

It didn’t matter in the end how rude the Count had been. Everything was going well for her. From being the only woman in their year, and becoming its top studeny, down to finally becoming the new Duchess Herhardt, her luck had finally changed.

With such blessings her way, the Count was nothing more than just mere inconvenience.

And so she quickly trotted up to her bike, which had been parked in front of the magnificent school building she just came out of.

It was decked with a row of massive columns, and showcased expert masonry. Additioy, every niche it had, had its own elegantly sculpted statues of the famous scientists and scholars to date.


With one last look at her school, she wasted no time pedalling back, with her leather sling bag shaking along with her enthusiasm.

The pedals beneath her feet were firm and reliable, and she all but basked in the sensation of the wind against her face, while her wheels rolled across the pavement.

It was another point of talk, seeong the prominent Duchess Herhardt travellkng by the bicycle. Such outrage ot was, that every single novle in Ratz had to give their teo cents in, much like the previous Duchesses of the Herhardt family, Matthias’ grandmother and mother.

But, Matthias wasn’t bothered, and that’s all she cared about.

And so she was free to love and enjoy her daily bike rides, especially when Matthias gifted her one once he realized how uncomfortable she was at being driven to school.

Albeit embarassed at first to raise such trivial concern, she had been more embarassed and wrecked with worry at what he and his family would think upon seeing her on a bike instead.

But he only laughed at her worries, and told her he did not care for either, and so she shouldn’t as well.

Eventually, Leyla finally turned into a corner, filling her nose with a sweet scent as she rode through the park atop her silver bike.

It wasn’t the quickest way back to the manor, that was through downtown boulevard, but she loved oassing through here.

The path was beautiful, a oleasing sight to tje eyes, which reminded her much of the forests back in Arvis. The old, and wisened trees, whose barks twisted up the more it grew arched overhead, covering her in a beautiful intricate shade from the sun, despite being less dense than the one in Arvis.

She’d go the extra mile because she loved being back in that nostalgic view of nothing but woodlands and its daily treasures. She loved the woods so much that she had decided to spend her first summer vacation as a college student in the Arvis fief. The anticipation made today’s ride even more thrilling.

Matthias had offered to take her on a late honeymoon, but Leyla wasn’t willing to leave Felix. Besides, no place could be better than Arvis. The home of the eternal heart, it was called—a beautiful forest with precious memories that could cover countless wounds and sadness.

Leyla had biked slowly through the beautiful path, but as she left the park and the entrance to the mansion became visible down the road, she picked up the pace.

Today Matthias didn’t work long; he would already be ready to see her.

Leyla knew she’d have to brag. It seemed childish, but she wanted to do it, just once. She thought she could brag to Matthias, her husband.


She was greeted by a middle aged maid, fighting against a smile provoked by the bicycle. “The master is in the garden,” the maid hinted, in a polite tone. “With the young master.”

“With Felix?” Leyla opened her eyes in a bit of surprise, then burst into laughter. Matthias’s ridiculous suggestion of going on a honeymoon and leaving Felix behind had probably been a joke.

She crossed the hall toward the garden, her single braid of hair swinging to the motion of her brisk steps as she moved down the marble floor accompanied by the rhythmic beat of her footsteps. She was looking forward to seeing her husband and son together.

She was looking forward to seeing his sweet side.

Leyla reached the garden behind the mansion before she knew it, her mind busy trying to imagine the scene she was about to find. As she entered the promenade, the wind blew a strong scent of roses across her path.

She breathed the perfumed air unconsciously, her eyes lit up with eagerness. But even though she didn’t notice the beauty of the rich garden, full of the best tints of green, framed by a profoundly blue sky, unconsciously it filled her with happiness and made her walk light and joyous.

Father and son—looking just alike, only one smaller than the other—were near the garden pagoda, under the crest of a rose vine in full bloom. As she spotted them together there, Leyla burst inadvertently into cheerful laughter that resounded through the sunlight-filled garden.

Matthias turned his head slowly, hearing her laugh. The eyes of the attendant standing next to him, reporting something, also headed toward Leyla. Her gaze went pass them, reaching her son standing by a column of the pagoda on the other side.

Felix von Herhardt stared intelligently at his father with his hands clasped behind his back, as serious as if he understood every word of the conversation with the secretary. Standing confidently under the pagoda’s arch, he looked to his fond mother’s eyes as if he were ready to conquer the world with his chubby fists.

Matthias followed Leyla’s eyes towards Felix, and only then did he smile slightly, as if he’d seen the boy for the first time. The secretary stepped quietly away, leaving only the family of three under the pagoda.

“See?” Leyla cheerfully approached her husband. “You couldn’t leave Felix any more than I could!”

Felix, hearing his mother’s voice, ran waddling to hug her, giving vent to his delight in a string of broken baby talk.

Matthias watched the two admiringly, laying down the documents he’d been holding on the edge of the table. He decided not to say that bringing Felix out to see him had been completely the nanny’s idea. Leyla looked so radiantly happy, he almost wished it had been his idea.


“I’ve got something to tell you!” Leyla said, hugging and lifting Felix. Her eyes shone freshly into Matthias’s from across the table. “But guess what it is first!” she challenged, as calmly as she could.

Matthias smiled. She looked at him as though she was making him guess a difficult riddle, though he was sure he already knew.

“Well…” instead answering her outright, Matthias frowned a little, as if in thought, stalling yo make her squirm.

Felix imitated his father and, becoming serious, stopped pulling on his mother’s braid.

“What is it? Tell me, Leyla,” Matthias said, leaning in closer to the table, committing himself to the conversation. Leyla smiled shyly, her cheek tinted red—Matthias’s color, the color of the Herhardt family.

Leyla.

Matthias’s lips curved insensibly into a smile as he hummed the name.

Leyla.

‘My Leyla.’ He thought with satisfaction.


Side Story 2




The Herhardt family’s users, under the direction of their butler Hessen, created a line in front of their opulent car as soon as the train from the capital arrived at Carlsbar station. People watching cast puzzled looks as the train doors opened and the young Herhardt family patriarch, the Duchess, and their kid stepped out.

“Good morning, my lord.” Hessen, as always, greeted his master with the utmost deference and courtesy, as did the other employees, who all lowered their heads, out of custom. Leyla unconsciously grabbed Matthias’ arm tightly as a result of her unease with the attention she wasn’t used to. People crowded the platform in front of the opulent vehicle like honey bees around their queen, all hoping to get a peek of the action.

Matthias didn’t say anything as he received the gracious welcome, standing next to Leyla, who was breathing deeply to calm herself. He gave off the immaculate, controlled aristocrat impression that Carlsbar locals had come to anticipate by appearing at ease and unconcerned by the presence of observers.

As the onlookers gawked in astonishment, Matthias confidently walked forward. His nonchalant attitude towards the crowd made his act of escorting his wife even more striking and attractive.

The onlookers naturally stepped back to clear a path for them to pass by. They could not see any signs of scandal or flawed relationships in the couple’s demeanor. The Duchess, Leyla von Herhardt, was elegantly dressed in a blue flowing summer dress and appeared as a young woman of her age, just like the lovely child of Arvis, Leyla Remmer, who was raised by the family’s gardener.

Curious looks from the throng were aimed towards the tiny Duke in the nanny’s arms as she trailed the Duchess. The young child’s blue eyes flashed all about, beaming with delight, stealing the attention of crowd. This occasion appeared to put an end to any rumors that the Duke had damaged the family’s reputation by having a child with a low-class woman and raising questions about the child’s paternity.

Felix von Herhardt waved enthusiastically to the audience, making them grin as he stepped off the platform. ‘Carlsbar has officially entered summer’, someone in the throng whispered.

Several voices responded in unison like a chorus, “Yes, it has.”

The Herhardt family, the renowned citizens of the northern city, would return during this summer, like a magnificent work of art being unveiled.



“Do you remember the gift you promised me?” Leyla who had been absorbed in looking out the car window, turned her head and suddenly asked. Matthias answered with a small tilt of his head, there was


no need for them to exchange further glances as he had been keeping a steady gaze on his wife the entire time like a sun flower directed to the sun.

“We will be having a picnic over the weekend, the three of us together,” She reminded him of the promised plan.

Leyla’s gaze grew more intense as Matthias continued to be silent. Matthias seemed to dwelling in her emerald eyes at that moment, which seemed a little darker and deeper than normal.

Leyla announced, her enthusiasm and pleasure for her excellent marks audible in her voice, “There’s present I’d want to get.” She smiled broadly and said, “I want to go on a picnic, the three of us, to the Arvis Forest.”

“I’ll take you to see the flower fields this time,” Leyla said, emphasizing the word ‘this time’ to convey a deeper meaning. “Arvis has many beautiful flowers in the summer too,” she added with a smile, and Matthias nodded in agreement.

‘Leyla, do you know what your words mean to me? They assure me that those happy days were not just a dream or a deception.’

Leyla’s expression grew serious, “Don’t pretend like you don’t know,” she said, studying his face closely.

“Don’t tease me,” she added with a hint of disbelief.

She spoke confidently and his voice carried the same firmness as when she scolded Felix. Unlike their son, his father simply chuckled without shame, leaving Leyla feeling hollow like a well devoid of water.

“Leyla, I remember, I do.” His melodious voice made Leyla’s lips quiver. “Every element of you, every inch of you”

His eyes were silent and deep; he was no longer beaming. Leyla would occasionally experience despair when she heard him say this in a cool, contained manner.

“I am mindful of your constant sarcasm.” Leyla talked louder than she had hitherto.

Matthias masterfully answered while keeping Leyla in his gaze. “Are you sure?” He fixed Leyla with a stare that seemed to portray his will to not be captivated by her. Leyla, though, was ultimately the one who again avoided eye contact. Despite the fact that these occurrences have increased lately and are both delightful and unpleasant at the same time, like the two poles of magnet, she did not feel strongly about them.

The car they were in turned into the Platanus road and headed for the mansion’s great entrance while she waged war to make sense of the complicated and ill-defined feelings she was feeling. Leyla stared out the car window with a pleasant expression on her face despite her internal anguish hoping to find the answer in the deep blue sky.


“Watch, Felix. Is it not wonderful?” Leyla gently held Felix and pointed him in the direction of what she was pointing at with her hand.

The Platanus. Forest wipes a variety of hazy plants.

The young child spoke excitedly, using the terminology his mother had taught him. Leyla, who was helping him with his pronunciation, laughed, and the child in turn laughed too. Their laughter made the summer in Arvis seem even more beautiful, bringing back life to it.

Hearing the joyful voices of the two of them, Matthias’ gaze wandered to the road where her fallen bicycle during a summer past had shaken his life. The memories rushed back. He vividly remembered the spinning wheels, the rustling of leaves in the wind, and the pounding of his heart that overwhelmed him during that moment.

Every part of his existence was saturated by the desire to linger and disappear. And Matthias treasured these lovely moments because they had become a part of who he was now.

After leaving the Platanus road, the car entered the estate by driving past the ornate front gate. At the mansion’s front door, Norma and Matthias’s mother, the two Duchesses, were waiting. As the automobile comes to a stop, Felix’s nanny casually handed him over to them.

“Welcome home, Matthias” Norma smiled broadly and greeted her grandson, saying, “And you too, Leyla”, she continued.

Even when she looked at Leyla, her expression was as kind as ever. The reception was quite different from what it was like last summer. Elysee von Herhardt, who had previously made no attempt to conceal her disdain for her daughter-in-law, was displaying a relatively gentle attitude today.

As Leyla prepared to enter the main hall, she couldn’t help but glance towards the far end beneath the stairs, the same spot where a young orphan girl once stood, her gaze filled with a mixture of fear and curiosity as she looked upon the young Duke.

It would have been unimaginable for the young girl to conceive that she would one day ascend to the rank of Duchess. The world was unpredictable in beautiful ways. If anyone had made such a claim to her during her childhood, she would have deemed them insane. Yet future knew no rules.

In fact, she still struggled to come to terms with it. She still thought she was dreaming.

To exist in this dazzling epoch, as the wife of a man who could only be her partner in secret, Leyla von Herhardt, was an unusual and perplexing concept. There were moments when she found it hard to reconcile, feeling as though her life was but a fantastical dream. It was only through Matthias, who constantly served as a grounding force that she was able to return to a sense of reality.

“Let’s go, Leyla.”


At the sound of a voice that was like a familiar beacon, Leyla slowly lifted her head in response. Her senses were heightened by taking a deep breath.

Together, they walked into the Duke’s hall, Leyla slowly and carefully climbing the steps, her mind occupied by the plans she had for this summer. The grand marble staircase and dazzling chandelier lights still held an intimidating presence to her.

She thought about the idea of having a picnic with the three of them, perhaps taking a walk along a path lined with wild roses, or visiting the fields of violets and the birch woods at the end of the road, she believed it would be nice to see the flock of water birds flying over the Schultter River at sunset.

But the place where the vista appears most picturesque is on the striking tree that grows alongside the river.

However, would that be a feasible possibility for Matthias von Herhardt?

Even though she knew it was a preposterous thought, Leyla gave it serious consideration.

“Hey, Matthy,” Leyla whispered his name, and Matthias directed his gaze towards her. “Are you able to climb a tree?” she asked in a hushed tone, mindful of the possibility that the two leading duchesses might overhear her. The wrinkles on Matthias’s forehead, which had been smooth till now, deepened.

“I can teach you if you don’t know how,” Leyla said, with a straight face, even though the idea was absurd. “Do you want to climb it with me?”

Because he found it difficult to accept what he was hearing at this moment, Matthias had been distracted for some time. Leyla’s eyes were fixed intently on him even at that precise moment only to get her answer.

“I’m not pressuring you.” Leyla continued, embarrassed at the last minute. “I’ll abide by your wishes.”

Leyla felt like she was sinking deeper and deeper into the muck as she talked, but there was no turning back. The two eventually arrived at the center of the hallway that led from the central staircase to the reception area.

“I’ll do as you say,” Matthias responded unexpectedly and lowered his head courteously. Leyla’s expression was bewildered.

“Never do it!” Silently shouting, Leyla pleaded with Matthias, but he didn’t appear to hear her.

“My queen,” He said softly in her ear, making her blush in shame. Matthias continued to casually twirl despite her clear disdain, a scowl engraved on his features. It was an odd circumstance.

Leyla eventually burst into joyous laughter, which only confirmed the Norma and Elysee’s’ suspicions. They turned around to look at her, and Leyla soon realized why their eyes were fixed on her alone. Duke Matthias von Herhardt, who had quickly changed his expression, stood tall and looked down at her as if he didn’t understand why his wife was laughing.


“Felix, your mother seems to be in a very good mood today,” said Elysee, turning to her grandson in her arms and choosing to comment instead of scold. Leyla couldn’t explain the reason for her laughter, but it didn’t seem fair to laugh alone.

Matthias smiled nonchalantly again when his eyes met Leyla’s gaze. She had to resist the urge to shout and let everyone know the real reason for her laughter. She tightened her grip on her cheeky husband’s arm. She wanted to tell the world it was him, her Matthy, the subject of her happiness. It was him who made her laugh, it was him who made her happy, yet she chose customary silence over the avalanche of words.

Nonetheless, it was going to be a very long summer.


Side Story 3




A wooden cabin appeared amid the clamor of chirping birds like an ancient forgotten shrine and the rumble of the forest road. Leyla took off her hat that she had been wearing like a crown and took in the landscape in front of her like a fresh air, admiring the façade of the cabin’s ageless beauty.

The building’s construction was unaltered and untouched although abandoned for a long time. The two duchesses planned to raze the abandoned cabin that belonged to Uncle Bill and construct a garden for leisurely outdoor tea parties, but Matthias strongly opposed their idea.

Upon hearing the news about the cabin’s alteration, Leyla inquired about Matthias’s plans for Uncle Bill’s Cabin.

‘’Why do you ask that of me?’’ As he sat at his desk in the study, Matthias questioned while keeping his gaze fixed on her. He calmly continued going against his wish, turning his attention back to the pile of papers in front of him. “It is absolutely up to you what you desire to do with it,” he said.

Leyla was perplexed by Matthias’s statements once more as he talked calmly. ‘’Are you claiming ownership of Uncle Bill’s Cabin?’’ She inquired, attempting to steal her answers.

Upon hearing his wife’s innocent queries, he met her eyes and gave a fleeting nod, yet his posture remained erect. Leyla didn’t really understand the significance of his simple gesture until the room started to fill with the deafening sound of papers turning. Matthias’s demeanor remained serene as he made eye contact with her and nodded his head briefly. It was only after the sound of papers flipping filled the room that Leyla comprehended the meaning of his concise gesture.

Leyla traversed the front yard as fast as her feet could take her, glancing at the golden watch on her pale wrist as she made her way towards the cabin. The clock said she still had some time for the tea which was arranged with Duchess Norma.

As she entered the impeccably maintained ageless cabin, she took a slow, thorough look around like. There was a few furniture left. The cabin was empty like a well devoid of water. The only remaining furniture was covered in white fabric like a corpse, while all other belongings had been gathered and moved to their mansion in Ratz.

Leyla found herself awfully lonely the moment she stepped into the cabin. She got devastated, the loneliness stretched into torture and the atmosphere around her got unbearable. Leyla rushed and stepped out onto the balcony to get some fresh air. There, she found the two seats, mismatched in size and color yet placed in their original positions as they always used to be.

Leyla turned toward the huge wooden chair that was next to her and took a seat. She had the impression that she could see Uncle Bill smoking the pipe in the wind while seated in a bent position. Although it seemed phantom at first, then she actually thought she could hear him calling her name and


laughing in a cheerful manner. Uncle Bill arrived, filling the empty space with his pleasant smiles and loud voice.

“I am fulfilling your wish by attending college, just as you wanted. While all my classmates are male, however your Leyla is excelling and exceptional. Are you pleased with my achievements?” Leyla spoke in a cheerful voice to Uncle Bill, as she had done on other occasions when they had conversed while sitting next to one another, just like the good old times.

She told several anecdotes, like a happy child who joyfully chatted with her father when he got home from work about his day. She told him about Felix’s school life, Matthias the man, her husband. The more frequently the voice shook, the more at ease her enchanting smile was.

“Felix is thriving and growing up strong. It feels like just yesterday that he took his first steps in the shoes you bought him, but now he can run and speak eloquently. I’m sure you already know. I wish I could have another child to wear those shoes, but Matthias is opposed to the idea. He doesn’t want another child.” Leyla’s face dropped, her smile vanishing into the howling wind while confessing the sorrow of her heart she had been carrying for long.

“I’ll return shortly,” Leyla stood from her seat, spilling agony with her face. The long afternoon sun cast shadows over the empty, old chair where she was seated.

“Father, you are so dear to my heart and I love you the most.” The words she spoke with affection lingered into the thin air as she gently dropped beneath Porch.

Along the way through the woods, Leyla accelerated her pace. The wind was howling. It was blowing the woodland aggressively. The white dress’ hem that Leyla got herself adorned with floated softly in the direction of wind, to eastwards.

Although she hadn’t made a single decision regarding the cabin, she was certain of one thing.

While penetrating through wind in the woods, Leyla halted for a moment and fixed her steely gaze heavenwards with sheer determination. She got her answer she was eagerly looking for; creating a space where Uncle Bill would be happy.

Your Leyla is a grownup now. She would make you happy, she would make you laugh.She whispered to herself, joyous as if she finally conquered the answer of the dilemma she was caught in.



In front of the Schulter River, which had a road leading into the forest, the luxury car transporting the Duke family came to a halt. The disciplined, beforehand-prepared servants gave their masters a befitting reception pretending to be over joyous upon receiving their masters.

Matthias was the first to exit the vehicle as the driver hurried to open the door in the back seat. He was as dapper as ever in a cream linen suit. It was the exact likeness of Duke Herhardt, who was well-known for being free of fault and epitome of perfection.


As the servants looked on, a small foot adorned with a decorated strap emerged from the open car door. The driver, who had been approaching as usual, was startled and straightened up. Duke Herhardt did not delegate his wife’s escort to others – this was a widely known fact among all users of Arvis.

Who would have imagined that forest girl, raised by a gardener, would grow up to be a Duchess?

The people who recalled the girl, being Arvis’ child, were taken aback by Matthias and Leyla.

With no faint trace of awkwardness Leyla held the Duke’s hand as she exited the vehicle. Her silk skirt’s wide flair was wavy, matching her soft gesture. A bright smile of Leyla, envying sunshine, flared in the green eyes as she glanced at the surroundings.

“What a beautiful day it is,” the Duke’s wife said with joy, causing a gentle softening of his features, letting his lips to make a curve and welcome a sweet smile. In that moment, the atmosphere around him transformed. Until then, he had been the epitome of the ideal dictator, cold as ice and drained of any sort of emotion. His face was flat, his words were lifeless, while he depicted a programmed robot.

People who gathered to welcome thought he might have changed a bit, but they soon realized that the slight shift in demeanor was only allowed in the presence of Leyla von Herhardt, the love of his life. The gap, previously like incontinence, became a shield, giving the man’s life a more substantial appearance.

The waiting servants walked after the duchess as they started to walk side by side.

The route through the woodland remained quiet despite the high number of people traveling. This allowed Leyla to hear the birds and winds more clearly as she carefully raised her head. While Matthias was moving gently and keeping his eyes focused, Leyla was looking for traces of exotic birds and the chirp she was dearly fond of.

Leyla saw the face, whose appearance changes anytime like an ashen shadow collided with a light of a thousand suns combined. She didn’t realize nor took a heed to notice that his gaze was aimed at her, she met his eyes reciprocating his gesture, leaving her star struck.

Leyla’s eyes widened and screamed yet her mouth chose to stay quiet.

Although it was a little different from her initial assumption, she refrained from bringing it up. It’s a joyful moment which she couldn’t afford to ruin.

Leyla followed her desire and smiled and established eye contact with Matthias once more. She then turned to face her son who was riding in the stroller being pushed by the nanny. Felix, who had been complaining about having to ride in the stroller, was now grinning and looking around as if he had never done so, overjoyed by the moment, unlike anyone else.

Leyla’s heart exploded with desire to hold her son yet she forced herself to resist the impulse to approach the child right away as she straightened her posture. It ached her heart yet her posture was equally important to keep up.


She knew her life was led by rules and customs. She must behave with poise and not carelessly pick up a child in front of the maids. She was cognizant of the fact that the order in Arvis differed from that of the Ratz mansion. She knew that, just like the two Duchesses, she and her family should respect the rules during their stay in Arvis. This was the meaning behind the Duchesses’ words that the next Duke of Herhardt should embrace tradition.

Upon arriving at the picnic area, Leyla couldn’t help but be amazed wholeheartedly. “Wow…” she exclaimed. The stream, where she used to rest after picking raspberries, had been transformed into a completely unfamiliar place.

On the spacious picnic mat nestled in the shade of the tree, Leyla saw many unfamiliar and exotic sights.

A brazier boiling tea, delicate pottery and silverware, cushions and blankets, and fresh flowers in a vase.

Despite choosing the picnic spot herself, she couldn’t shake off the feeling of being in a strange place.

”It appears as though a room from the mansion has been transported here.”

She spoke gravely, but Matthias merely grinned back. With such a sweet expression, his face resembles a calm stream of water. Perhaps that explains why she keeps feeling dizzy anytime she sees him.

“I’m grateful,” Despite the fact that the picnic would be very taxing, Leyla decided she would not miss today’s enjoyment. “For honoring your commitment.”

She always trusted him when he made a commitment. Regardless of what anybody says, forever. He nevertheless kept his word. He was a man of his words.

Matthias responded by holding her cheek and reaching out to stroke it. Leyla quickly glanced around after saying that. Her heart started beating like a drum, resisting slowing down, not even after his touch left her cheek that remained there only for a fraction of a second.

She found the light in her heart against the dark heart, which she had only realized after the gloomy shade of her shame and dread. Yet there was more to reveal and to reveal it she required a lot of bravery.

“Ng..Matthy….”Leyla softly called out to Matthias, who was walking ahead, causing him to turn around.

She hesitated before finally saying, “It’s just that… the weather is nice, don’t you think?” She knew she was being silly, but she couldn’t think of anything else to say. Matthias sat under the shade of a tree, appearing calm as the servants began to move about efficiently in the summer forest.

Leyla approached him, still wearing her hat, the weight of her agony heavy upon her. She couldn’t bear to take it off, not yet.

The news arrived at the end of tea, delivered by the servants. While they were shocked by the unexpected words, Matthias remained collected.

“Are you really going to dismiss all the servants, even the nanny?” Leyla asked, struggling to believe it.

But Matthias’ answer did not waver.


“Yes,” he replied, his gaze drifting over the stunned faces of the servants before returning to the attendant. “You have all done an excellent job in preparing. 6 o’clock, be back here to tidy up.”

With a simple gesture, Matthias checked the time by raising his cuff, effectively cutting off the attendant’s protest. “It should be enough.”

Leyla looked around in a daze. When even the nanny, who had handed Felix over to his mother’s arms, retired, they were left alone in this forest.

The words were spoken in a euphemistic tone, but the message was clear. Despite feeling uncomfortable, Mark Evers eventually submitted to his owner’s will. Under his command, the servants began to depart, like a low tide receding.

“Can you do this?” Leyla asked in a jolt, meaning to break the rules by being unaccompanied by staff as the Duke and Duchess. But Matthias only looked at her with confusion, as if he didn’t understand the meaning of her question. It was then that Leyla realized that…

Her husband was the owner of this place, the lord of Arvis.

Leyla had much to say, but couldn’t find the words. Matthias usually honored the wishes of his grandmother and mother, but only in regards to the work he chose to do. She knew better than anyone else how, when he made another decision, he would follow through with his own will.

Leyla spoke inanely to Felix in an effort to divert her attention. Under Matthias’ close observation, it was difficult to avoid feeling self-conscious. She felt ashamed since Matthias was constantly observing her and she assumed he wanted to be intimate since they were by themselves. Matthias started to talk as she responded tensely to the sound of him setting down his teacup.

“Take it off now, Leyla.”


Side Story 4




Leyla, turning her head in surprise, getting priced of a hundred pricks by the deep blue eyes of a man who seemed untroubled. He looked devoid of emotions like an iceberg just like the days old. She wondered if he still had any feelings left.

“W-What? I-In a place like this?!” She roared, shattering the peacefulness of the forest. Her hands, which quickly covered Felix’s ears, were also trembling slightly. “H-how can you say that? Felix is here!”

Leyla was trying to come up with a response when Matthias abruptly reached out and loosened the ribbon knot she had put under her chin. Leyla didn’t realize it until she opened her instinctively closed eyelids.

In a casual fashion, Matthias handed her the cap he had removed. He once more picked up the tea cup that he had just calmly set down earlier.

Leyla, belatedly comprehending the situation, looked at him with a slight daze. It seemed absurd to ask, as if he had suddenly become a terrible person. Matthias’ relaxed appearance, sipping tea and enjoying the forest view, seemed even more absurd.

Matthias looked up at the sky between the thick branches of oak trees and remarked, “No more than a hat. I am a gentleman, Leyla. I know the rules.’’ He assured her.

When she thought of his words, Leyla’s brow wrinkled. “Is making jokes like this amusing?”

“Well, it’s funny,” he chuckled. Matthias shifted his straining gaze back to Leyla. “You look lovely. When you’re blushing, you look even more attractive.” There was no smile on his face when he uttered such horrible comments.

Leyla commented sarcastically, “It’s extremely gentlemanly of you to say this in the midst of the day.

Matthias answered, leaning boldly against a stack of cushions, “A gentleman.” He continued “A gentleman befitting a serene queen.”

Through the leaves, the sun’s shadow drifted slowly over his beaming face. Due to his untidy stance, perhaps, the mood of the day seemed to relax a little.

Leyla didn’t despise having to face the person she knew so well in this situation. She did, however, experience an odd sensation of injustice.

“I’m not incorrect,” Leyla confidently disputed while stroking her scorching cheeks. “Scientists are expected to make decisions based on their experience.”

“Experience?” questioned Matthias.


“Yes. And from what I’ve seen so far, everything you say always ends up having the same meaning as what I’ve misunderstood. Just as in science, I’m making judgments based on my own experience.”

Matthias watched his wife blather on, his eyes narrowing with intrigue. ” What is the scientific verdict, then?” he asked

Leyla said, her big eyes gleaming over her glasses, “You’re the evil one, and you’re the one who’s bad. The Duke, You Crow!”

Leyla yelled angrily while continuing to blush brilliantly. Soon after, Matthias’ laughter was blown by the wind through the dense woodland and across the estate.

He didn’t intend to chuckle, but Leyla decided to stop objecting to it. Only when she was looking at him did Matthias von Herhardt smiled like this, and it was okay that they were both laughing in private and alone.

They engaged in mundane conversations and ate delicious food together. They also took a leisurely walk, side by side, without caring about anyone’s gaze.

As she savoured these trivial moments, one by one, Leyla realised it again: her wishes were hidden behind the wounds inflicted by him.

This wasn’t a particularly special or grand picnic.

She hated herself for the weakness and anticipated it for countless days while knowing she shouldn’t have. But her own dumb heart was probably what she detested the most. Despite the fact that Leyla was well aware that it went against Uncle Bill’s standards, she found it painful to love a man who deserved to be loathed.

Leyla averted her sight to the faraway sky while observing the road where the tree shadows were lengthening. It wasn’t long before it was almost time to go back.

‘’It’s nearly time to return’’, she remarked.

Leyla sighed unhappily as she looked at the clock. Felix, who was being held by his mother, was sound sleeping, possibly exhausted after a fun-filled day. The kid’s clothes were covered in red stains from eating foraged raspberries, which brought back pleasant picnic memories.

Matthias looked up at the distant sky before turning to face her. Leyla’s eyes softened instantly, as though she were buried in concentration.

“I believe a day is too brief. That’s sad” stated Leyla.

“We can come again.” Matthias spoke seriously, lowering his rolled sleeves to adjust the cuffs.

“Really?” Leyla questioned with a serious expression and eagerness, unable to conceal her excitement.

Matthias was now aware. Leyla was pleading for confirmation with her words.

‘’Really,” Matthias assured

He vowed that when the time came, Leyla’s smile would be as radiant as the sun. Similar to how it is right now. Similar to this Nothing in her eyes that was other than him at this very moment could have been lovelier in his eyes.

The servants came back as Matthias adjusted his tie and put on his jacket. They needed to get back to being the Duke and Duchess of Herhardt.

The two strolled side by side as they left the forest, being followed by a nanny and servants who were carrying Felix, who was asleep. When they arrived to the road where the waiting car was parked, their summertime outing, which appeared to be coming to an end at this point, suddenly took another unexpected turn.

“Go back first.” Matthias told the driver, who had unlocked the back seat door and was waiting.

“What? That suggests…?” Confounded, Leyla enquired.

Matthias said with a wink to the nanny holding Felix, “We’re going to walk.” When the nanny realized what was being said, she hurried to put Felix in the car.

Matthias ignored Leyla’s embarrassed glances as she turned to face him. In the meantime, the nanny’s and Felix’s automobile sped off. Leyla would have immediately inquired if the housekeepers weren’t keeping an eye on her.

But she refrained from speaking and instead took Matthias’ hand. Naturally, he took her to the Schulter River’s golden banks.

As they crossed the forest path, Leyla yelled, “Matthy, look!” loudly.

She felt a little silly when Matthias casually remarked, “You said you were unhappy.”

“But this is,” she said, her eyes darting over the glistening sky, the adjacent woodland, and the tranquil current before returning to Matthias’ face.

“Felix must be worn out. He must take a nap.”

He made a joke, and Leyla laughed. ” Do you not despise Felix?”

“Why would I dislike him? After all, he is my son “Matthias retorted, dipping his head slightly downward.

He instinctively cared for his son, but that love wasn’t the same as the one he had for Leyla. He had no desire to dispute this. The only person who would be in his life forever was Leyla, the only person he could truly love.

Leyla, who had been gazing at him for some time, smiled and nodded her head.


Matthias went slowly alongside the Schulter River while holding her hand. Leyla frequently made stops along the river to point out the birds. Her voice had a crisp, echoing quality to it that resembled the sounds of singing birds as she told him the names and qualities of the birds and flowers.

“Look! Watch that bird, please? Matthy!’’

A bird with vibrant feathers was flying in the skies, as Leyla pointed out. The bird she wished to show Matthias, though, quickly vanished past the river, like it only appeared in her visions.

“Ah, it’s gone,” Leyla looked at the riverside where the bird flew off with a saddened expression sounding like a child who got ripped away from her favourite toy.

“Did you know that Arvis is home to a variety of unusual flowers and birds? Arvis is comparable to heaven on earth, according to Professor Lorenz.” Leyla clasped Matthias’ hand once more and pointed up into the sky. He, in response, firmly grasped her tiny hand.

Leyla sighed, “That bird earlier was incredibly hard to see.”

“Would you like me to get it for you?” Matthias questioned softly while keeping his eyes glued to the direction in which the bird had gone. He continued, his voice even more collected, “So that you can retain it.”

Leyla gave him a hearty smile as she shook her head and gazed at him with big eyes. “No!” she firmly exclaimed.

“Why? Ornithologists typically do that, right?” Matthias enquired.

She hesitated before answering. It was accurate to say that catching and stuffing exotic birds served as a study tool. Also, she was quite fond of Professor Lorenz, who also owned a number of stuffed birds.

‘’Don’t fool around like that, please.’’ Leyla stated in a commanding tone. She chose to interpret it that way even though she knew it wasn’t a joke. Even if it was required, she had no desire to bring home a fresh stuffed Arvis for her study.

Fortunately, Matthias acknowledged her choice and grinned pleasantly. They arrived at Leyla’s favourite tree by the river as they continued their journey.

“Would you like to ascend there?” Leyla questioned as she regarded the tree like an old friend, “The view of the Schulter River from the top of this tree is the most beautiful vista in the world you would ever get to see.”

“Is this really required?” Matthias laughed as he asked, turning to face the tree branch where Leyla used to sit in the old days.

“Of course! The view of the Schulter River from the top of this tree is unparalleled in beauty. Believe me!” Leyla approached the tree, in contrast to her cautious face, she began to climb it with a bold and agile pace.


Sitting on a thick branch stretching out to the riverside, Leyla grinned up at him.” C’mon Matthy! You can do it like me! I’ll hold your hand!” She shouted, sounding like she really wanted to teach him how to climb.

Matthias laughed when she extended her tiny hand to him. He then took a step forward and began to climb the tree without her assistance. As he got to the top, he pulled her deep into his arms. Leyla could feel his heart racing in time with her own while resting her back against his chest.

“You really can do anything, can’t you?” Leyla whispered in awe, nestled in Matthias’ embrace.

“Not everything.” Matthias replied, his lips brushing into a smile as he looked out at the river below.

“For you a thousand times over’’ He said in a whisper.

Leyla couldn’t help but blush at his words, feeling warmth spread through her chest. She closed her eyes, savoring the moment and the feeling of being loved by this amazing man in her life.

She looked up at him, her eyes sparkling with amusement. “I knew it. You’re a pro at climbing trees.”

Matthias chuckled, enjoying the feeling of Leyla’s warm body pressed against his. “It’s not my first time,” he admitted, “But it’s not something I do often.”

Leyla smiled, content to be wrapped up in Matthias’ embrace. Everything about this moment with this man was nice for her, even his smile and the warmth of the massive, strong body encircling her. She no longer wanted to conceal or refute it because it was the most honest thought.

They perched on the branches and looked down at the glistening river, calm and serene. The moment belonged to them while the world chose not to interrupt. The moment was drenched in simplicity yet shining bright with divinity. Leyla couldn’t help but feel grateful for the moment they shared, sitting on the tree by the river as the sun set. It was moments like these that she treasured, feeling close to him and at peace.

They sat on a tree with a view of the Schulter River as the sun started to drop. A flock of birds was gliding lazily above the surface of the water, which was shimmering in golden hues.

“What do you think?” Leyla turned to face Matthias, her eyes gleaming with eagerness. “Isn’t it beautiful?”

Her pride in the scenery could be seen in the way Matthias peered intently into her green eyes. As much as he could, he could concur with such a viewpoint.

“Yes, it’s beautiful.” As he whispered, his lips touched her lips in a passionate kiss. Although startled, Leyla wrapped her fingers around Matthias’s neck and gave him a kiss in response. Her hand went up to feel the contours of his face, quickly found itself digging into his hair. She was flushing a rich rose colour, slathered in joy, her face, ecstatic.


After the long kiss that had flowed like a silent stream had finally come to an end, Matthias gently wiped his wife’s lips with a silk handkerchief. His lips softened into a content smile, , like the evening air on a summer night. “I promised that I would teach you how to swim on the weekends,” he said.

“Swimming?”

He gazed at the water for a moment before turning his attention back to Leyla. “Because I promised.”

“I guess it’s fine if you forget that one….” Leyla made a reluctant effort to withdraw, but Matthias was

adamant.

“I’ll teach you how to swim.” His face suddenly took on a childlike smile. “Right here on the Schulter River.”

In the light of the immense beauty of his smile, she simply couldn’t bring herself to recall the words of rejection.


Side Story 5







Leyla finally had the weekend she had been dreading. It was a weekend that came with the promise to dash her hopes against the ground and rise her fears she buried in her heart alive.

Yet, Elysee von Herhardt was the first ray of hope, shining like a distant star.

Elysee wanted to introduce her new family to her relatives at the tea party she was attending with Felix. Leyla would often have felt anxious about going to a social event with her mother-in-law, but this time was different. She had grown interest in such gatherings, and Elysee had excitedly encouraged her daughter-in-law to attend. Leyla was asked questions but before she could even answer Elysee’s query, Matthias had an answer, shielding her like an armour.

“My dear wife and I had made prior arrangements for that day.’’ He said in a soft, authoritative voice.

Elysee von Herhardt shrugged, “Then there’s nothing more to be done,” adding, “But Felix must come with me, everyone is eager to see him.” Matthias complied with her request and said, “Of course, Mother, you may do as you wish.” In this finalised plan, Leyla’s hopes dissipated like wisps of smoke into thin air.

While she felt sorry for Matthias not getting a proper break, Leyla secretly hoped that the Duke’s schedule would stay as hectic as ever, even better if he returned on a particularly dark night.

Matthias’s demanding career reignited a glimmer of hope within her. While he was supposed to be on vacation, he continued to work, talking with executives on the phone and travelling to Carlsbar for meetings. Leyla couldn’t help but wonder how many more visitors the Duke of Arvis would receive.

As the afternoon resigned like a short lived guest and Matthias failed to come home for tea, Leyla’s hope only grew stronger. She couldn’t help but hope that he wouldn’t return. However, her fantasies evaporated, as a word from the butler brought the news about her husband.







“Matthias, you’re back early,” Norma said, setting down the teacup and smiling warmly at her grandson.

After greeting his grandmother, Matthias turned his head slightly to look at Leyla, who was seated across from him. “Right. You mentioned that you had a meeting with Leyla today,” Norma reminded him, unaware of Leyla’s emotions. “Are you going out with someone?”

“No, I decided to teach her how to swim in the annex,” Matthias replied.

“What? The Duchess going for a swim in the river?” Norma startled and asked, scowling at the idea.

Leyla’s heart began to pound like a hundred drums together with immense excitement at the prospect.

“Oh, Matthias, my goodness. That is ridiculous,” Norma said.

Leyla discovered for the first time that words have the power to bring joy in one’s life, even for a fraction of a moment. She thought that the elderly woman would be adamantly opposed, but to her surprise, she was kind-hearted.

“Oh, that’s correct. Since our time, the world has changed. The Duchess should learn to swim since it’s a trendy hobby” suggested the elderly lady.

Leyla tightened her grip on her skirt, fighting the urge to yell, ‘Excuse me, Grandma?’ yet she resisted waging war against her impulse.

The elderly woman smiled softly as if consoling her anxious grandkids and said, “I don’t understand it, but I won’t force it on you. Enjoy yourself, Leyla.”

Matthias drew near as soon as Leyla’s last hope vanished. He calmly extended his hand, giving off the impression of a predator lurking nearby with its prey.

Leyla sighed quietly while holding his hand reluctantly. It was a time when Matthias von Herhardt, who was known for always keeping his word, displayed some animosity.








‘’Isn’t it time you are prepared?’’ Matthias checked the time and questioned Leyla, who shook her shoulders and stepped up to the railing of the balcony.

“Could you give me a moment to think it over?” Leyla asked, her voice barely audible due to her tense demeanor, still hoping that Matthias might change his mind.

Matthias leaned back in his chair and folded his arms, displaying patience for his wife. For almost an hour, Leyla faced the river as if it were a foe that haunted her, in her dreams and in her waking. On the way to the detached house, she’d been bold and courageous, but now she seemed terrified, her bravery dripping, fading away from the creaked holes of her heart.

Leyla took a deep breathe “By the way,” and turned around. “Isn’t there a reason why people must be good at swimming?”

She wondered, eager, what would her husband say.


Leyla kept talking on with a rather serious face. “You just have to be careful not to fall into the water, right?”

“But don’t you know if unexpected situations happen?” Matthias asked, his voice filled with concern.

Leyla’s eyes squinted as she struggled to come up with a counterargument. ‘’That unforeseen circumstance was brought on by you!’’

The angry comments poured out more forcefully like a volcano. Matthias presented a look to Leyla that didn’t convey either denial or embarrassment, his face drained of emotions, cold like Antarctica.

“You weren’t going to forget, right?”

Matthias answered, cautiously getting out of his chair, “No, I remember. I want to teach you how to swim because of that exact event.’’ He leaned on the railing and reeked of water mint, which grew by the river. ‘’But Leyla, I can’t make you do it if you genuinely don’t want to.’’ He gave her a respectful glance as a sign that he would respect whatever choice she chose.

When he claimed he would respect her decision, Leyla knew he truly meant it.

It was evident in the way he regarded her, gazing deeply into her emerald green eyes, deeply like an ocean.

Leyla let go of the railing and stood up, saying, “I don’t know. It’s not that I dislike it, ‘’ though.

That much was certain to her. She had the option to refuse numerous times if she truly desired to yet she didn’t want to. She wanted to learn to defy her fears.

“And I’m terrified of the water. Of certainly, you contributed greatly to my fear of it, but it doesn’t mean you alone are to blame.” Leyla stopped gazing up the river, as if attempting to block out the recollection of having caused her anxiety.

Back in time, her cousins said to her, their words innocent yet terrible enough to cause hurt, “If you want to live here, you have to go through an initiation rite.” The words kept ringing in her ears like a disease.

“If you don’t want to do it, get out of here.”

She was bullied. The oldest and biggest boy laughed like a devil dragging her while grabbing her braided hair.

Leyla was captured by the kids like a Hyena captured by a lion to be devoured, making her plans to run away a compete failure. She got wounded, her body slathered in blood and plastered in mud from roll and fall while dodging her to the cruel edge of river.

Every minute was a torture there.


She was the subject of her uncle’s sudden cursing and beating, and the horrible bullying of all the kids in the family. She also struggled with the torment of hunger they inflicted, which forced her to raid the garden for vegetables like a criminal in punishment.

Despite all the torment she went through, Leyla couldn’t bring herself to utter “I don’t want to” or “I have nowhere else to go in the world, stop hurting me!”

The road that had to return home wailing even after being tossed into the river lodged within her heart as a token of the hopeless fear and anguish of the day. The memory stayed with her forever, living and breathing, not leaving her in peace from the past. She didn’t want Matthias to learn more, therefore she accepted the swimming challenge.

Early on, Leyla recognized her predicament. Compassion and sympathy from others were also appropriate. But even though he was acclaimed as the most aristocratic aristocrat in this empire, she never wanted to appear unclean in his presence.

Even though she knew she couldn’t, she still hoped for it.

From the moment he trod on the spilled penny, scooped it up, and frantically rushed away, to the present. Maybe forever and in the future.

“Leyla.”

She thought deeply about the person Matthias called.

It seemed odd since, although having the same name, Matthias sounded like an entirely different person. Is it the low, gentle voice, or is it the tone that sounded like a poem that rhymed.

‘’Will everything be ok in the end?’’ Leyla tightened her fist rather than gripping the railing once more. “I am not sure if I could float in the water.”

‘’The good scientist is better than anybody else at understanding that persons who float in water are not operating in the confidence-related domain.’’ Though it was a serious query, he responded sarcastically.

Leyla couldn’t find appropriate words to speak, she appeared perplexed. She chose to gaze at the distant sky wishing to disappear in the hem of sky’s blue quilt. She felt like her body was floating in the wide ocean. The silence got almost deafening that she screamed, atmosphere shaking off the environment from its tranquillity.

“I’ll give it some more thought!”

She fought as hard as she could, but Matthias, who had her tightly in his arms, made no movement at all. He remained determined like a warrior who swore to win a war despite all odds.

He walked down the stairs from the balcony to the boat hangar, which was next to the river. Leyla’s fear of water exploded in her body like an atom bomb. She froze for a second before settling down as she noticed the water racing by, aiming to devour her.

Matthias gave her pale cheeks a quick kiss before making a lengthier exit from the hangar.

When they reached the end of the dock, the shadow of a man and a woman in his arms that had been moving across a wooden panel warmed by the sun halted.

An afternoon in June. The water sparkled like diamonds, absorbing the sunlight.

She felt awfully stupid, yet In actuality, it was more of a fact than an assumption.

Leyla, who was perched at the end of the dock, cast a visibly dejected glance across the river. Matthias appeared to sparkle like a component of the sparkling surface as he floated along the water. He resembled like a statue god carved himself, exquisite beyond measure.

Leyla gave up mustering up her bravery and Matthias gladly accepted it. He started swimming joyfully being on his own. ‘’You can turn around.’’ Such callous comments were all he left for Leyla.

Despite the option to return, she remains where she is, a miserable fool. But upon further reflection, it seems that the man in question is also somewhat strange.

Leyla’s eyes narrowed as she considered this. Why would he make a promise to bring her here, only to leave her in such a vulnerable state? She wondered

Matthias, meanwhile, stood tall on the river with his back to the sky, looking stunning and free spirited.

Leyla, determined, removed her shoes with a fierce motion, and then took off her stockings.

She started to feel lightheaded and shaky already as she went near to the river, her worst nightmare. Leyla yearned to recapture the reckless bravery she had displayed when she had dove into the water to retrieve her hat, but all she could do was sit at the end of the pier with her feet partially submerged.

“Why are you still here?” Matthias, now standing on the dock, asked playfully. His wet, partially-exposed body glistened in the summer sunlight, and the marks of his injuries only served to enhance his jaw dropping beauty.

“You seem quite content…”Leyla observed.

“As you can see,” Matthias replied, leaning his head on one arm and looking up at her adoringly.

“Why did you return? Are you trying to tease me?” she asked.

“If that’s what you desire,” Matthias said with a teasing smile.

Leyla rose up in a wrath despite the fact that she understood it wasn’t such a bad joke. She, not Matthias, was the one who was going to be annoyed and disappointed.

Why won’t she muster the final ounce of bravery?

For three minutes, Leyla clamped her lips together. She despised herself for being haunted by her terrible recollections of old times.


She had to go through worse and more unpleasant things than that. She came from a long way of troubled times. She can’t believe how unprepared she was for the water despite being accompanied by her loving husband.

Leyla turned around again, blocking her escape from the river. She marched decisively to the end of the dock, this time, like a soldier prepared to slash the enemy’s throat. Matthias watched her intently.

Leyla began with removing her glasses, relieved to take the pressure off her eyes. Then, she began to undress, starting with her slip, then her skirt and blouse. Despite feeling embarrassed, she managed to maintain her composure, possibly thanks to her impaired vision. Leyla hesitated for a moment before finally removing her bra and underpants, tucking them beneath a pile of clothes.

In the radiant light, her naked body was illuminated, brighter than the sun, like a goddess who stepped on earth. The two of them fell silent, not tempted to break it but their eyes locked onto each other in the brightness talking loudly with words and speech.

“I’m ready,” Leyla declared proudly, sitting down at the end of the dock and dipping her legs into the water once more to savour the unhealed wounds. “To be honest, I don’t think it would work. But I’ll do my best,”

Leyla wanted to cry, she wanted to finally shed the old wounds yet she restrained herself, fighting back her tears.

Matthias softly extended his hand to her while he was calmly gazing. Leyla held his hand with all her might, the hand that had lowered the wooden pillar, secretly begging to hold her forever.

‘’You’re not going to let me go, are you?’’

In response to the sincere query, Matthias happily nodded. “Never.”

Leyla put faith in his assurances.

She leaped into the water, putting her last hesitation behind her, defeating her phobia, letting her memories flow along the river. She ripped apart the peace and calmness of the river with the wild sounds of splashing, careless spraying, and ear-tearing screams.


Side Story 6







Leyla von Herhardt’s swimming skills were, to put it kindly, disastrous. It seemed almost pointless to even assess her abilities. She was putting in so much effort just to stay afloat that it could hardly be considered swimming.

As she stumbled, spluttered, and flailed, Leyla let out repeated screams. Yet, when Matthias pulled her close in an embrace, she calmed down, as gentle as could be, her gaze steady and full of unwavering faith. Matthias knew in that moment that he would never forget it, the moment got imprinted his eyes and in his mind forever.

Leyla’s attempt at swimming, if it could even be called that, finally came to an end as the sun began to bid farewell. Matthias lifted the exhausted Leyla and placed her at the end of the dock. She panted heavily, the sound of her breaths depicting the ripples of the water. Shortly after, Matthias also sat down beside her, equally spent.

“It looks like the water level in the Schulter River might have gone down a bit today. I swallowed a lot of water,” Leyla said with a silly smile when their eyes met.

As he gazed at her face, Matthias watched the water droplets travel across the woman’s body, like the magnificent drops of rain. The water altered the color of her hair and cheeks, making her skin appear even paler in comparison. At the top of her chest, where it rose and fell sharply with each breath, drops of water formed and flowed down her slender collarbone like the water finally found it’s stream to be united with. The natural hue of her skin seemed even clearer now like a crystal.

Slowly but surely, the droplets fell to the ground and disappeared between her legs, without saying a good bye.

Matthias succeeded to bring back her joyous expression. Leyla found herself caught in an odd tension and held her breath, even though there was no hint of desire in his guarded gaze.

It was almost comical.

She hadn’t gone swimming naked in quite some time, but all of a sudden she felt like it. After all, he was also the father of the child she had given birth to. They had been sharing a bed and waking up together every morning for nearly a year now.

‘’Can you smile even when something is unpleasant?’’ Leyla pushed back her wet hair, revealing her bare chest, beautiful like a star lit sky. “I’m going to look ridiculous,” she said.

The strength in her tightly pressed together knees was almost reflexive.

Matthias tilted his head and looked down at her, a small smile tugging at the corners of his lips.

However, given how mortifying the situation was, it seemed that the matter was no laughing matter.

Leyla searched for the clothes she had removed, playing with the strand of hair that was twisted around her finger. But instead of finding her garments, she discovered a basket filled with neatly arranged dresses and towels.

When she realized someone had arrived, Leyla looked embarrassed. Matthias, on the other hand, was dressed casually.

Leyla veiled her naked body with a gown. The gentle touch brought back memories of how he had been staring at her body earlier, and Leyla became more puzzled as she tried to push these thoughts out of her mind and the sensations became more intense, birthing wild desires in her.

“Should we try again?” Leyla impulsively suggested. The river was suddenly bathed in a deep, crimson light, which was both beautiful and unsettling. Leyla was ready to embrace the allure fully. “I feel comfortable floating in the water now. So if I pick up a little more knowledge. . . “

Matthias responded unexpectedly, untying Leyla’s gown’s thread, and saying, “Slowly, Leyla.” In the breeze from the river, the orderly knot shuddered and flapped. “The summer is lengthy.”

The large hand that cupped her chin was gentle and cold. The downward gaze that accompanied it was equally soft. Leyla’s lower eyes were slightly hazy as she saw the shadow of his long eyelashes there.

He was already just a few inches away from her nose. Without thinking, her lips parted as the grip on her chin became firmer, welcoming him to kiss her.

“You can do it slowly,” Matthias’ voice grew softer and lower as he added a hint of warmth to it. Leyla nodded in agreement. She now knew the source of this tension. She was certain that next time, she would be able to guess it.

Matthias, however, simply fixed his gaze on her intensely, as if he was measuring something to engineer an innovation. His enigmatic demeanour only piqued Leyla’s curiosity further.

He did not hesitate.

She could at least be sure of that. Perhaps that concept didn’t apply to this man’s life. Leyla knew this better than anyone, especially when it came to herself.

Yes, but why?

Leyla accidentally closed her toes in the river, causing the surface to ripple with just a slight movement.

After brushing her lips for a while, Matthias let her go lightly and in vain. He chuckled and cocked his head slightly to the side, as if he was unsure of something.


It surprised Leyla. It was another instance where her scientific decision, based on experience, was once again compromised.








The Duchess served dinner at a table set up on the annex’s balcony, which overlooked the Schulter River. It was unclear who had prepared the meal, but the steam was still rising from the hot dishes.

Leyla glanced at Matthias in surprise, as she had assumed they would change their clothes and return to the mansion. But the man who would have given all of these orders simply stepped outside and onto the balcony, pulling out a chair and gesturing towards the table with a series of natural movements, as if it was the most natural thing in the world to do by a Duke.

Leyla glanced at her reflection in the glass door of the cabinet. She smoothed out the wrinkles in her skirt and tidied her loosely curled hair impulsively. The broad lace collar of her blouse swayed as she started walking again.

She took a seat at the table, and Matthias sat in the chair opposite her. Everything was served at once, from appetisers to sweets, giving the table a lavish appearance, depicting heaven. It seemed that the message that meals were unnecessary had been conveyed effectively.

Leyla started eating deliciously, perhaps because she was so hungry. Matthias’ attention was diverted from the food and glued on her face.

Leyla always had little appetite, although she consistently ate.

She taught him that there was a specific formula to adhere to when it came to the outward aspect of eating. Take little nibbles, chew them, and then swallow them before moving on to the next one. Continue doing this while smacking your lips and puffing your cheeks for more effect. One of his greatest joys in life is now seeing Leyla consume her meal piece by piece.

“Oh. Later, once Felix is an adult.” Leyla’s face lit up with amusement as she abruptly raised her head. Matthias made genuine eye contact with her after releasing the lids on his eyes. Leyla snatched the napkin with a start, in contrast to him, who was composed. The lips that had been vigorously stroked turned crimson.

“When Felix matures?” Matthias asked again, remembering Leyla’s interruption. Leyla didn’t see him again until she took a sip of water to moisten her lips. “It would be lovely to teach Felix how to swim when he grows up.”

“Swimming?”

“On the Schulter River, of course.”

“Alright,” Matthias agreed readily. “I will.”

Even though it wasn’t difficult at all, Leyla was overjoyed as if she had achieved a great dream. But shortly after, she began to feel anxious.

“By the way, Matthy, will you also be teaching hunting?”

“Maybe,” Matthias gave her another pleasant response.

He learnt to hunt, and his father gave him a gun with his name on it. It was also a process that was acknowledged as Herhardt’s successor and a tradition that had been passed down for many years. Leyla looked quite dissatisfied while nodding her head to indicate that she understood.

“I will carry out my responsibilities, but Felix will decide.” Matthias turned back to Leyla after giving the lit candlestick and center piece a quick glance. “The ability to read a bird’s thinking or to be a great shooter. He is left with the decision.”

“And you?” Leyla asked seriously after a moment of contemplation. “What is your opinion on the matter? Will there be a hunt in this forest this summer?”

“What do you think?” Matthias smiled and looked at his wife, who didn’t look away from his gaze.

“I don’t think it will happen,” Leyla said with pleading eyes that were crystal clear.

“Why not?”

“The Duke of Herhardt is a man who understands the hearts of birds.”

She is skilled at answering rudely, but she comes across as quite serious.

“You’re the nicest gentleman in the empire, not just in this Carlsbar!”

Leyla caught Matthias’ attention and he eventually started laughing again. If there had been service staff around, the chuckle would have been extremely embarrassing yet it was very comfortable and delightful nonetheless.

Leyla could tell that Matthias had nothing to say other than that amusing laugh. The Arvis Forest, where the Duke has returned, will be serene this summer. Love is likely another term for that peace. Dinner went on in a more informal setting.

Leyla relieved the awkward tension by laughing and chatting happily. It was a beautiful moment when countless stars emerged over the setting sun and a stream of starlight flowed.

“Ah look! There are fireflies!”


She gasped in wonder at the glowing light drifting along the riverbank. Jumping up and running in front of the railing was an action that was as joyous and carefree as a baby bird taking flight.

After finishing his meal and taking a sip of icy champagne, Matthias also stood up and went to join his wife. Before she knew it, a group of fireflies that were gently floating one by one had formed like a constellation.

Leyla appeared to be in a dream as she watched the light wave. Her pulse was racing as if it was the first time she had ever seen the divine view from the Schulter River in the summer.

Maybe this was the first time she was with him like this, savoring the divine moments, enjoying the simplicity of life and feeling love deep in her heart.

Leyla turned her head, ready to embrace the excitement yet Mathhias’s blue eyes captivated her like a magical spell. His eyes were beautiful than anything else in the world and for a moment fireflies meant no meaning before his magnificent eyes.

Leyla hesitated as Matthias’ hand crept closer and gently cupped her trembling cheek. Unlike in the evening when she was exhausted, he gave her bright face a careful, satisfied inspection.

Leyla said, her eyebrows raised, “Why do you keep playing these kinds of jokes?”

“Jokes?” he questioned in surprise

“Earlier, you were the same way.”

“Ah,” Matthias chuckled as he gave her chin-jawed hand a squeeze. “Leyla, if you get tired too soon, it’s not very enjoyable.”

“What do you mean?”

Leyla would hold her breath as she occasionally remembered the night when this man had become extremely aggressive. She had screamed and moaned loudly at that point before losing consciousness. It wasn’t something that could be controlled by will, but she knew that Matthias didn’t particularly enjoy it.

“I feel like you’ve had enough sleep,” With his other hand, Matthias expertly removed her hairpin. “Do you not?

While grinning, Matthias held her thick curly hair. Leyla’s body skyrocketed, causing her respiration to become shallow, troubling her breath.

She could see his eyes by simply slowly opening her closed ones. It’s as if she flicked a switch and he became someone entirely different. The thought that she would be the only person in the world to recognize this man’s face warmed Leyla’s breath as well.

“Yes. Your thoughtfulness allowed me to get adequate rest and eat healthily.’’


Leyla didn’t panic like she usually did; she addressed him with a rather open demeanour. She was undoubtedly walking on a hard surface, and her toes kept reminding her of the ripples’ feel yet she didn’t care.

‘’So I’ll give it to you in exchange. ‘’Leyla tentatively stuck out his hand and covered her lovely face. The toe-tingling current now appeared to have sucked the entire body in. “Do whatever you want.”

She mustered up her confidence to speak her heart out.

“I desire it.”


Side Story 7







Leyla’s eyes slowly opened as she touched something soft and feathery. While she savored the soft touch, her body felt like flying against the gravity, floating like a balloon devoid of direction.

The shiny night sky with its exquisite spread of starlight was the first thing she found. She didn’t realise she was laying on a long chair on the balcony until she turned around, looked at the table where the candles were swaying, and then at the railing beyond.

Their lips came together like lost lovers as their eyes did. They gave each other a passionate kiss, their tongues entwined as desire flooded their bodies. Leyla attempted to encircle Matthias’ neck with her arms, before she was briefly taken aback by the stern force of his grasp.

They kept on kissing passionately, melting into each other’s hot breaths letting the moist sounds of their lips speak, as they sucked on one another.

Matthias momentarily withdrew, letting her gasp for air at one time. He slowly licked the saliva that had amassed on his lips before leaning down for another passionate kiss on her.

“Nghh…..” Leyla let out a soft moan as Matthias grabbed her chest, which was heaving with each breath.

Despite the veils of clothing separating them, she felt and absorbed the heat radiating from his body like the scorching sun in extreme summer.

Matthias grinned lasciviously as he started unbuttoning her blouse and Leyla gazed at him with hazy, lust-filled eyes. Then he leaned down and kissed the spot where beads of sweat had formed between her collarbones. Her presence grew stronger as his lips moved in the path of the water droplets on her skin.

Matthias threw his jacket aside with a thud on the ground, their clothes leaving their bodies one by one on the floor, in an urgent desperation. Their loud breathing could be heard along with the sound of their hot, moist bodies kissing.

“It’s alright.” Matthias reassured her, who was gasping and twisting, several times. “You are beautiful, Leyla.”

He was doing something foolish and disorderly to her, that made her irritated by his calm voice, yet she was also relieved by his complimentary remarks that sounded true.

Every time she nodded, her body began to unwind. It uncovered itself to experience lust and desire and Matthias was clearly attempting to reassure her.


Leyla was relieved to see Matthias’s blue eyes sparkling and his crimson lips smiling at her when it was time to glance at him once more, as if he could see into her penetrate through her soul.

Her eyes breathed shame. Leyla avoided making eye contact with him and stared up at the starry night sky when she heard Matthias take off his belt. Soon after, his shadow was engulfed in her body that was drenched in sweat and passion to melt in his desire.

No longer relaxed, her breathing was now accompanied by a faint moan.

Her petite body trembled.

But Leyla was fully aware that he was the one who ultimately gave in. She gets the most satisfaction being dominated by his strong body. She loved to be obeyed by the outburst of his passionate desire. She was willing to follow his lead, her body yielded.

“Leyla….”

Matthias kept reciting her name. The word escaped through the sound of his deep breaths, sweetening the tip of his tongue like honey extracted from its comb.

Leyla strained to somehow bring her hazy eyes into focus every time she heard her name fly from his lips as he looked more attractive than before like a lord of beauty and magnificence.

Looking at her

Matthias hunched over in a sweet defeat.

He went wild for her.

The torrent of kisses was fierce and impatient, as if attempting to shift the blame for this insane yearning. His trembling movement continued until at that precise time.

Leyla pushed him away and hugged him back, accompanied by moans and groans that she didn’t want anyone to think belonged to hers.

Once more, she experienced the sensation of being submerged in a wide river that was so deep that she was unable to touch the bottom. Her recollection of a terrifying memory returned to tease her. Yet her fear of the water had subsided. The instant she started to choke and float away was the same.

When Leyla opened her eyes, she noticed him. He was right there, in front of her, erected.

She turned to face the noble aristocrat, whose intimidating intensity of stare and firm resolve persisted. This man, who once hailed as a masterpiece of the Herhardt family, had evolved into someone driven by animalistic cravings, however, brought her greater joy at this point. Leyla secretly revealed in the notion that she was the only person to have this knowledge of him and that, at this very time, he belonged to her.

Completely

and entirely.

“Ma…tthy, nghh…”

Matthias’ brows narrowed as Leyla jokingly called him ‘Matthy’ for the first time. The morning following their wedding, this was the first time Leyla had referred to him in that way. He noticed her face filled with a mixture of delight and trepidation when he opened his eyes to the sunlight.

“What do you think of that moniker, Matthy?”

As she lay in his arms, Leyla asked the question in a cheerful, singing voice. Matthias, who finally understood the meaning of the nickname, smiled. He had told her several times to call him by his name, but she had stubbornly refused and finally decided to give him a new name.

Matthy..

He was her Matthy. Matthy that entirely belonged her along with the name.

Matthias had heard such nicknames during his childhood, but no one had ever called Duke von Herhardt by such a shy nickname since he inherited his title. Not even his grandmother or mother had done so.

He now found it hard to accept that she gave him a nickname like this. He would have rejected the term right away if it had been suggested by someone else, but Leyla’s voice made him enjoy hearing it.

It was pretty tempting for him to imagine that only Leyla would ever refer to him by this name for the rest of his life.

“Tell me if you don’t like it,” she said afterward, “I’ll just address you by your name, like you requested.

But I prefer this name more.” Leyla added as she gave him a warm glance.

He predicted that she would continue acting in this way.

He finally grinned and gave in, and from that point forward, he became Leyla’s Matthy.

“Matthy..Do you know… what?” Leyla’s tiny hand, which was gripping his shoulder, quickly stroked Matthias’ cheek. “You… are mine as well.”

Leyla remarked this while grinning naively like a young child.

Matthias started laughing ferociously as he peered down at her foggy face to understand what she was saying. He was laughing, but it was somber laughter, accompanied with breath holding.

“Leyla….” was the only word he managed to articulate, voice so gruff it was nearly a growl. As her

fingers brushed his cheek, Matthias couldn’t help but squeeze her fiercely.

He desired to stomp on her.

He wanted to devour her whole and bite her.

Yet Matthias was only able to give her a lengthy kiss on her thin, rapidly throbbing wrist.

“Yes…I’m yours,” Matthias delivered a dry whisper while nodding. His shirt collar was gently absorbing sweat as it quietly dripped down his neck. “Indeed, Leyla.”

…I’m yours.

There was nothing left in Matthias’s quiet eyes as he sat up and stared at Leyla, except an uncontrollable desire that he didn’t know how to deal with.

It was a summer night, with the starlight seeming to cover the sky, the river, and the forest connecting them.

The disturbance that had shaken the clear, transparent silence of the night died down as the fireflies stopped their group dance. The sobs and murky moans mixed together as if in pain, and the silence that followed deepened as the night went on.

Before removing his face from Leyla’s neck, Matthias barely managed to control his rapid breathing. Leyla’s eyes were closed, but she was still breathing vigorously. She started to get a cold as her body cooled down, and her shoulders started to tremble.

She was in his arms as he dozed off while licking the tears from her eyes. He then extended his arm and grabbed his jacket that had been left on the ground. He made a gentle move of covering her with the jacket, in stark contrast to when he had pushed her mercilessly before.

After a long time, Leyla barely opened her eyes and looked up at Matthias. Instead of seeing the star lit sky and dangling stars, she saw the blue snow of his eyes. Matthias was still overly dressed, except for a loosely tied tie, a wrinkled shirt, and a few open buttons.

Leyla frowned at the unfairness of it, but soon laughed and made fun out of the moment. He didn’t look so bad when he had lost his composure.

She laid her forehead against Matthias’s straight forehead and affectionately rubbed the edge of his nose before kissing it mischievously. She did this with the same languid satisfaction and affection that he had shown her. She only reciprocated his affection.

With a low smile on his face Matthias gently and lovingly massaged her Leyla’s head. Then he grasped her cheek tightly with his hand.

Matthias took the lead and kissed her first this time.

It was a more delectable,

deeper,

and sweeter kiss than hers.

Leyla was on the verge of crying, but she restrained herself. Her heart appeared to shine brightly like crescent moon. She didn’t want to spoil the moment heaven blessed her with.



Late at gray night, the duke and his wife departed from the detached home.

Leyla was adamant that they return to the mansion even though it wouldn’t matter if they passed out there. Matthias gladly accepted the explanation because of Felix. The two took a leisurely stroll along the nighttime-crying forest path while holding hands.

Leyla took many glances at Mathias by her side as she processed the new information. His cheeks lit up with memories of the times she used to stroll in the forest and leave the detached house by herself.

She was often embarrassed and depressed back then, but on the occasions when Matthias gave her a little love, she felt much worse and was unable to handle it. She therefore hoped that he would prefer to be unkind, but these naive hopes would never leave her heart.

If it happened, it happened. If it was trod upon, it was trod upon.

She couldn’t throw it away, even though it was just a scabbed wound. She often spent the night crying out of intense agony. She never considered it to be love. She never imagined she would be loved. Maybe she was feigning ignorance yet whatever she felt with Matthias was more than love that travelled to crack holes of her heart and soul, filling her with the light she never hoped she could find. A light filled with a thousand colors of love, hope and joy.

“Leyla.”

Matthias whispered her name when the wind sprinkled its sweet scent around them that Leyla eventually woke up to the truth. Before they knew it, they were strolling through the mansion’s rose garden.


Side Story 8




Leyla’s confusion, with her usual expression, deepened as ocean as she acted beyond measure.

No way had her heart beaten with careful expectations, but on the other hand, she couldn’t believe it.

No way! This guy, Matthias von Herhardt?

Her heartbeat pounded in her ears like a thousand drums together as she prepared to step back in case she was caught.

Suddenly and unexpectedly, Matthias placed the rose on the side of her hair and tied it up.

Leyla held her breath tightly as she fixed her expressionless gaze on him. The rose rustled in her air like a thunder. It seemed more awkward and unpleasant than when their bodies were jumbled together, in some strange way. But Matthias seems so at ease.

“This is what? Leyla gently probed the rose in her hair. “I’m certainly not a child.” She exclaimed without a pause.

The young girl who used to play in the Arvis woodland while wearing a crown has grown into a mature adult. In addition, whether Leyla wanted it or not, she was now a wife and mother in addition to being the Duchess of Herhardt.

“It’s pretty.” Matthias whispered just as Leyla was about to pull out the rose.

Holding Leyla’s hesitating hand, he smiled as if God had made him look at his pleased creation. It was the smile of a ruler with arrogant and merciful dignity.

Leyla eventually lowered her hand, leaving the rose stuck in her ears. Matthias satisfiedly gazed at her figure before loosely wrapping his hand around her chin. He then slowly lowered his head and gave a short kiss to her soft lips that were soft like a petal of roses.

She realized that the feverish yearning for a sunny afternoon was still alive.

No. She was aware at that very moment. She tried everything to stay blind since she couldn’t accept it.

Leyla was captivated again by Matthias’s hand as he led her away. The marble stairs that connected the mansion and the garden were etched by the shadows of the two pedestrians wandering side by side.

“However, did you know that you are losing credibility?” Leyla asked a strange inquiry as she was about halfway up the steps. In response, Matthias cocked his brow. “You can say I’m pretty readily.” Leyla’s eyes stared staring at him, clear and gentle despite the way she moaned. Therefore, it occasionally sounds deceiving.


Leyla’s eyes explicitly stated her desire to ask Matthias to repeat it, despite Matthias’ best efforts to appear innocent.

On the other hand, “I’ll tell you with more authority.” Matthias was open to being duped by an attractive fairy who nonetheless behaved brutally. “What a lovely blossom!” His accent was quite strong.

“What?”

Leyla frowned while paying close attention. That seems like a lie even more. It’s really odd. The way Matthias spoke was quite weird. He presented an extremely poor performance which she did not expect.

As Leyla listened carefully, she wrinkled her nose at Matthias’s awkward way of speaking. He looked like a really bad performer.

“Wait…It’s…” Leyla’s face hardened as she remembered something while laughing. “Don’t tell me it’s…?”

The memory of her far-flung miserable charity performance last winter, which she had been trying to forget, came back to her like an uninvited guest. Seeing the startled Leyla, Matthias began to giggle.

“Why on earth do you remember such things?” Leyla chuckled

“It’s such a strong memory, it’s hard to forget.” Matthias answered with a grinning smile

“Don’t tell me! Because I don’t want to remember it.” Leyla said shifting her gaze to roses.

She frequently walked with a straight face, but Matthias simply and quickly caught up with her. “Do you not believe that I am a better performer than you were that day, Leyla?”

“Don’t say that again, please! Ignore it!” Leyla shook Matthias’ hand and started to go, unsure of what to do. Her deliberate steps reverberated across the mansion’s quiet lobby. The sound echoed, announcing the news of her arrival.

Thankfully, Matthias stopped chasing her. Leyla was instantly relieved when she heard a conversation emanating from the mansion’s main gate-connected side of the hall, which was on the other side of the room. She immediately faced the well-liked protagonist. It was Arvis’ hostess Elysee von Herhardt who had arrived home later than expected.

Leyla bolted across the hallway, startled. When Elysee noticed her approaching daughter-in-law, her eyes narrowed like those of a cat in deep sleep.

Fortunately, Leyla was able to safely welcome her without making the error of disregarding protocol. Leyla and Matthias, who subsequently entered alone, soon stood side by side. Leyla watched Matthias extending a welcome to his mother, and her joy that it was not an improper civility was quickly lost.


Matthias’s direct gesture seemed nothing like hers. He was so graceful and kind as he turned to face his mother with a straight neck that she had trouble remembering the man who had pushed her with overt longing and pulled naughty childish pranks on her.

“I notice that both of you are running late for home.” Elysee von Herhardt’s eyes finally showed satisfaction at that point. “Today’s meeting was really productive, thanks to Felix.” Her lips released a brief sigh after continuing to speak in a lower tone. She was staring at the pale pink rose that was trapped in Leyla’s messy side hair.

Leyla blinked in bewilderment, blushed afterward, and grasped for her hair.

“Just plain scared. Such a ladylike manners and tone.” Elysee reprimanded her severely before giving her a hearty laugh. “Felix. Your mum also looks to be in a great mood today.” Elysee sighed as she looked across at her sleeping grandson in the nanny’s arms to end the conversation.

Leyla looked at Matthias with tear-filled eyes as she watched Elysee walk away with the sound of her usual heels. However, the man who was responsible for everything straightened the slightly off-center rose without any trace of regret.

“Pretty.”

Matthias, unconcerned about his mother’s severe criticism, stared down at Leyla, the playfulness in his words gone.

The reputation of the Duchess of Herhardt among the social aristocracy, such as his grandmother and mother, was completely unimportant to Matthias. Leyla found it difficult to comprehend this particular feature.

“It’s lovely, Leyla.” Matthias softly lifted Leyla’s chin with his fingertips, perhaps disliking the way she had sprinted away.

His expressionless eyes began to wrinkle into a soft smile as he stared at her. The slight smile startled Leyla, and she unintentionally held her breath. Her toes curled in reaction to the repeated sound of water clapping in her ears. Leyla quickly clutched Matthias’s hand, trying to disguise her reaction. She was able to avoid the shame of being seen by others as they walked together by holding onto his hand.

She climbed the steps under the light of the chandelier, Matthias by her side. The rose petals in Matthias’s hand trembled as they ascended, mirroring Leyla’s heart.



The rose that Matthias gave to her remained in full bloom on the Duchess’s desk. Before the petals wilted, Leyla plucked one and placed it between the books on the shelf. Though it was not technically the first flower Matthias had given her, Leyla chose to consider it as such, since Matthias did not seem to remember the others and it was difficult for her to say that he had given them.


However, her thoughts were far from the Duke’s, who seemed to have forgotten the first time he had given her a rose. Leyla had carefully preserved the petals from the rose Matthias had recently given her, tucking them between the pages of her book as a reminder of their special moment.

Leyla sat by the sunny window with a book, surrounded by rose petals. She gazed out at the rose garden below, allowing memories of the past to flood back to her. They were colourful and vibrant, just like the flowers in the garden.

Summer had always been a bittersweet time for her, marked by the return of both the beautiful and terrifying Duke of Herhardt, as well as the summer guests of Arvis, including the woman she dreaded encountering: Lady Brandt.

Leyla was surprised when the maid from Claudine’s cabin suddenly came to her and told her that Lady Claudine was looking for her. She had been looking forward to finishing the laundry and preparing snacks for Kyle, but now she had to follow Claudine’s orders. This made her feel frustrated, but last year Uncle Bill had become angry about this situation

“As long as she was in debt to Arvis, it was inevitable that she would have to do things like this.” Mrs. Mona had said. She told Bill that Leyla to bear with it even if it upset her, as she was the only one who would be in trouble if she didn’t. Leyla overheard this conversation as she was returning home from the goat cage.

Leyla’s heart sank at the thought that her uncle Bill was in trouble. She remembered the time she was summoned by Lady Brandt, when she confided in her uncle about her distress. The possibility of being expelled from Arvis and her uncle getting into trouble both filled Leyla with dread. She resolved to endure it stoically, not wanting to cause any more problems.

Claudine sat under the pergola in the Duke’s rose garden, sipping tea.

She seemed to have grown into a graceful and refined young woman since the last time Leyla saw her.

In contrast, Leyla still looked like a child with her delicate, slender figure and radiant, healthy skin.

When Claudine noticed Leyla staring at her in surprise, she gave her a warm smile. “Leyla, it’s been a while. How have you been?”

Leyla knew from experience that the response Claudine expected was a polite and formal one. “Yes, I’ve been well, miss,” she replied automatically.

“Leyla, you’re still such a child,” Claudine said with a smile, looking over Leyla’s form.

However, Leyla could tell that there was a hint of teasing in her words. Most of her classmates had already started to grow into young women, but Leyla was feeling self-conscious about the fact that she was still so young.

“Leyla, it’s time for you to start acting more like a lady.” Even Chef Mona, who had always been relaxed about such things, had started to express concern about Leyla’s development this year.


Leyla realized that she was the only one of her peers who was still a child, while others had grown into women. This made her feel left out and left behind. Although Claudine Brandt had only asked her to run an errand to get roses, Leyla observed that Claudine had become skilled in flower arrangement.

As she walked back to her cabin with the money she had earned, Leyla thought about Claudine and her friends, who had blossomed into beautiful and bright young women. She couldn’t help but sigh as she looked down at herself.

What if she never grows up and remains this way for decades?

Her growth was not lost on Uncle Bill, who greeted her with a pleased expression when he saw her in her new clothes. He even compared her to a newborn baby deer, making Leyla feel a sense of pride. But as she walked through the quiet forest road, the sound of horse hooves interrupted her thoughts and the main cause of her troubles, the Duke of Herhardt, appeared before her like a lightening in the sky.


Side Story 9







The Duke saw Leyla standing there still on the road and pulled his horse over to the side. Neither he nor the Duke’s companion who arrived after him were seen with their hunting weapons.

Leyla forced a shrug and tightly clenched the coin in her hand she was holding, unable to shake off her fear of him. The Duke was intimidating as he had always been, though he appeared to be out for a leisurely horseback ride rather than hunting today.

“Hello,” greeted the blond aristocrat, who was accompanying the Duke, with a smile. “It’s been a while.”

The Marquis of Lindman had a cheerful and slightly higher-pitched tone, despite his noble attitude, Leyla recognized him right once because being the Duke’s friend and cousin, he was a frequent visitor to Arvis.

Leyla nodded her head in acknowledgment and then scurried off to stand beneath a tree on the side of the road. She could hear the rapid heartbeats in her chest.

Seeing the Duke by coincidence on this particular day may not have been the best idea, but she was glad to see that he was with his friend and cousin, Marquis Lindman.

The Duke had taken to tormenting her, relentlessly pursuing her as if she were his prey back in the day like a lion haunting hyenas. It occurred regularly on the occasions when he happened to come across her while he was out hunting or horseback riding alone. The Duke liked it. He seemed to derive a twisted pleasure from this pursuit.

It was not that the Duke was inherently a cruel person, but to Leyla’s dismay, she was the only one who had witnessed this malicious side of him. Therefore, she felt trapped in a web, unable to escape and unable to confide in anyone about her plight. Leyla endured this mistreatment in silence, even though it was deeply unfair and distressing, secretly hoping the torment would over some day. She chose to keep her mouth shut, as she feared being branded a liar and expelled from Arvis if she spoke it out.

“Who is it?” The query was raised by a bystander.

“Ah. On this estate, I’ve been told, there’s an orphan. Surprisingly, a gardener chose to raise her.” A response came.

Several more comments were said after that, but the Duke’s voice was not heard.

Leyla gently raised her head as the sound of horse hooves grew louder; she had been steadfastly staring at the tips of her muddy shoes. Her light green eyes, which reflected the sight of the Duke riding by and expressed both terror and curiosity. Despite the time that had passed since she last saw him, Leyla took notice of his unchanged beauty and the new maturity that he seemed to have acquired.


Soon, he would be graduating from college and fulfilling his duty as an officer in the army to honor his family. And with that thought comes the realization that he won’t come back to Arvis during summers since there will be no vacation in the army.

This realization caused Leyla’s heart to race with a faint glimmer of hope.

As she stood there, staring at the group of dukes moving away, Leyla earnestly prayed. She hoped that the summer would come and he would not return. It was all she could do. Pray in her heart. The thought of him leaving and not coming back was a mixture of emotions for her. Deep down she felt a sadness for not seeing him again, but also a relief that the fear she had for him will not be there anymore.

After the group of young men on horses had disappeared and the thick dust caused by the hooves had settled, the forest once again regained its peaceful calm. But for Leyla, the tranquility of the forest was not enough to ease the turmoil in her heart, as she continued to stand there, lost in thoughts of the Duke’s uncertain future and her own feelings of hope and longing.

The sun was pressing down on her with its fierce heat as she strolled back to the cabin. She found it odd that the light felt so brilliant today even though dusk was drawing near.

It wasn’t until around 15 days later that Leyla realized the reason for her discomfort – her menstrual cycle had begun unexpectedly.

As she awoke to an unusual and unpleasant pain, she found that the cabin was still in the transparent silence of dawn and it seemed as if Uncle Bill hadn’t yet risen.

As she rose from her bed, her eyes were drawn to the remaining red stain on the sheet.

At first she believed it to be a dream, but upon further inspection, she found the same stains on her pajamas and underwear. The scene brought a mix of emotions for Leyla, knowing that this is what her friends had been whispering about in secret.

She heard the sound of Uncle Bill’s footsteps as he woke up. Torn between the relief that this is something normal and natural, and the feeling of hopelessness as she didn’t know how to deal with this.

Leyla quickly hung the door and locked it, hiding the stained sheet and clothes under her bed. She quickly tried to fix the situation with a handkerchief, but before she could fully take care of it, she heard a bumpy knock on the door.

“Leyla! Are you awake? Are you sleeping in?” Uncle Bill’s voice called out.

“No!” Leyla answered with a scream, “I’m already awake, Uncle!”

“Oh, come on. Then get ready. Kyle will pick you up soon.”

Kyle!


Leyla thought in her mind of Kyle, this added more anxiety to her already confusing emotions. She was filled with confusion as she thought about an important promise that came to mind.

It was the day when all the village children had planned to go on a picnic together and Leyla had also decided to attend a play in the theater this afternoon for the first time, something she had been looking forward to. But now, that excitement has been replaced with uncertainty and the red stains of menstruation.

She quickly washed herself while Uncle Bill went out to attend to the livestock. The pain in her lower stomach had been growing increasingly more intense, but this vague situation has somewhat reduced her discomfort.

As Leyla changed her clothes and began to set the breakfast table, Kyle came to the cabin. He was stunned upon hearing Leyla’s answer that she would not be able to join the group for the picnic.

“What is wrong with you Leyla? You wanted to see the play so badly, didn’t you?”

Leyla opened the bread basket clumsily, “I don’t want to go anymore.” The bread she cut was distorted.

“I don’t believe you. What’s the real reason?” Kyle looked worried, “Oh! Are you feeling ill? You look like

a	ghost.” “No, it’s not.”

“What do you mean, no. I know everything. Even if you are unwell, you still pretend to be fine. Let me hurry up and…”

“No! Stop!” Leyla spun around and shrieked. She thought to use the bread she was holding to strike Kyle.

“Oh…Leyla?”

“Kyle, I apologize”. Leyla pressed the bread against her hot cheeks. “Although it hurts somewhat, it’s not too bad. I simply need to rest at home.”

“What’s the issue? What do you think? If you don’t want me to inform my father, I won’t.”

Though Kyle was her closest friend and family member, she was unable to tell him her story. It was embarrassing to tell it to her friend, especially to a boy. “Please move quickly. You’ll show up late.” Leyla was now on the verge of crying. “Before I throw bread at you with all of my might.”



After Kyle left, Uncle Bill returned. He was taken aback to see Leyla, who was supposed to be going on a picnic, but he ultimately accepted her excuse that she was feeling ill. Her stomach was indeed hurting, so it was not entirely a lie.

“Alright then, you should rest well. Are you in a lot of pain? I can have Dr. Etman come over.”

“No!” Leyla interrupted firmly, not wanting to hear the same suggestion from her uncle that she had heard from Kyle. “I’ll eat well, stay at home, and rest. That’s all I need.”

Bill Remmer, who was observing Leyla as she repeated his usual request, erupted into a hearty laughter.

He affectionately ruffled her hair and headed to work, leaving Leyla to rest and recover at home.

Once she was alone, Leyla spent the morning ruminating over her thoughts and reflecting on the pain that felt more pronounced. She felt too shy to confide in anyone, and didn’t want to owe them a favor if she could help it, but she also knew that she couldn’t handle this on her own.

With this realization, Leyla decided to leave the cabin. Though it was quite hot, she donned thick stockings and multiple layers of undergarments. She couldn’t shake her worries and apprehensions, which made her journey to the Duke’s mansion take twice as long as it usually did as she kept pausing to reflect on her decision.

Upon reaching the Duke’s residence, Leyla was greeted by the surprised expression of Mrs. Mona, who had just stumbled upon her in the drawing room. The other guests, who were resting after the Duke’s luncheon, also focused their attention on Leyla as she hesitantly peeked through the door.

“What brings you here, Leyla?” Mrs. Mona asked, surprised.

After a moment of hesitation, Leyla mustered the courage to speak, “I have something to tell you.”

Mrs. Mona exited the hallway, looked down at Leyla, and shut the lounge door. Even so, she led Leyla to the end of the corridor and turned to face her, as if she had realized that Leyla was having trouble communicating.

“Now, you seem to be OK here. Leyla, tell me. What is the issue?”

“It’s…” Leyla exhaled repeatedly, twisting her hands, which she had gripped tightly. “I believe I am now a lady,”

“Lady?”

“Please wait, my love. You’re now…” As Mrs. Mona thought about what Leyla had told her, her eyes grew wider. “Oh, my.” She sighed as she observed Leyla, who was wearing attire that wasn’t suitable for the current season.

She mumbled, a variety of complex emotions visible on her face, “Oh my God, Leyla.”

Leyla was on the edge of crying from anxiety. But Mrs. Mona gave her a loving grin and a bear hug while comforting her by massaging her trembling shoulders and back.

“Leyla my dear, you have to be careful of men from now on. Do you understand!?”

Mrs. Mona sternly admonished Leyla, feeling humiliated and ashamed. She was an opinionated woman


who had dealt with similar issues as the mother of three daughters. Leyla was confused and couldn’t quite make sense of what Mrs. Mona was saying, but she didn’t want to seek for explanation so she just nodded in agreement.

“It’s something to celebrate, but I’m also worried,” Mrs. Mona said with a look of pity on her face.

She knew that when a beautiful flower blooms in the field, its life is likely to be hard. She couldn’t bring herself to say these words to Leyla and instead, let out a deep sigh.

Leyla was a very lovely young girl. She was skinny and messy when she first arrived at Arvis, but with Bill Remmer’s care, she blossomed into a stunning rose as she got taller and put on weight. Even though she was still a young girl, Mrs. Mona was aware of how quickly a girl may develop into a lady.

However, her life wouldn’t be so bad, Mrs. Mona thought, because she had the support of someone strong like Bill Remmer. These thoughts allowed Mrs. Mona to smile again.

“It’s a school, a village, and in any case, think of all the men around you as thieves. That’s not entirely wrong either,” Mrs. Mona said with a hint of bitterness in her tone, warning Leyla to be cautious of men and their intentions.

When asked again, Leyla’s expression contorted in confusion. “Kyle too?”

“Kyle? Hmm… Anyway, he’ll be a man, so be careful. You’ll be fine.” Mrs. Mona felt a twinge of regret for the kind Dr. Etman, but she had already decided to group Kyle together with the other “thieves”.

As the time to prepare dinner approached, Mrs. Mona left the house with Leyla, giving her a small basket. She also didn’t forget to give her additional instructions on her way to the Duke’s residence.

“By the way, Leyla,” Mrs. Mona called out to Leyla as they reached the end of the road. She strode up to her and unexpectedly reached out and touched her chest. Leyla’s startled scream and Mrs. Mona’s laughter echoed in the still afternoon air.

“It’s a surprise. Yes, you have grown into a lovely woman.” She said, her eyes filled with a compassionate warmth as she looked at Leyla, who was now blushing profusely.

“You’ll likely require new undergarments, such as a bra. I told Mr. Remmer. No, there is no huge deal. You’re welcome to accompany me when I go downtown this weekend.”

“I’m grateful, ma’am. I sincerely appreciate it “Leyla said, expressing her gratitude by making a deep bow. As Leyla bowed, Mrs. Mona couldn’t help but notice the gentle and delicate features of her eyes, she gave her a few more pats on the back before quickly heading back to the Duke’s residence.

Leyla turned away as soon as Mrs. Mona’s back was no longer in view, her stomach still hurting, but she felt considerably better than she had that morning. She made an effort to convince herself that she could handle this, but as she moved on, she abruptly stopped again just past the mansion around the


next curve. Lady Claudine Brandt and the Duke Herhardt were the source of the woman’s laughing and the man’s low, quiet voice that she overheard.

Leyla instinctively ducked behind the wall, frustrated. She wanted to go somewhere else and hide, but the couple’s footsteps were getting closer and closer to where she was hiding.


Side Story 10






Matthias stumbled upon a discovery, as he caught sight of a small figure darting behind a wall. The orphan, raised by the gardener, had been found like a lost pet. With fluttering skirts and a mop of blond hair, there was no mistaking the child. It was by all means her!

But instead of feeling elated at the find, Matthias could only think of one thing: the child’s tendency to run away and cry.

It was a frustrating characteristic, but one that could not be taken as a whole but be tolerated in small doses. As the child looked up at him with wide emerald green eyes, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a twinge of annoyance mixed with pity.

With the scorching sun beating down on them, Claudine suggested it was time to head back. “It’s too hot for an evening walk,” she said, her voice laced with exhaustion. Despite the wide-brimmed hat and parasol, Claudine’s face was flushed with heat. Even Matthias, who was never bothered by the effects of the sun, was feeling the same.

But he was willing to indulge Claudine’s whims, who had requested the walk. He couldn’t deny the excitement of possibly finding the elusive child, who was known for hiding in the shadiest spots. However, the thought of trudging through the sweltering heat wasn’t worth the potential reward.

As they made their way back to the mansion, Matthias caught a glimpse of the child, running away as usual, bundled up in winter clothes despite the scorching weather.

Was it because of their first encounter?

He remembered the day the little girl had appeared in the forest of Arvis, like an interesting prey. But just like a bird that quickly flew out of sight, Matthias’ interest in her had remained at that level.

She was just another wild bird in his forest, nothing more. With that thought, Matthias turned his attention away from the child and followed Claudine into the cool embrace of the mansion. The pleasant air enveloped them, and the heat quickly faded, beaten by the luxurious mansion.






Bill Remmer was taken aback when he learned the news from the talkative Chef Mona. He couldn’t find the words to express his shock, simply muttering “Oh, this is so” repeatedly while scratching the back of his neck. The thought of raising a daughter on his own, as a widower, was a daunting task unlike any he had faced before.

“Oh, so that child is already…….”

Chef Mona, observing him with a hint of amusement, chided him. “What do you mean already? Its way later than my daughter,” she said with a click of her tongue. “I understand it’s not easy for a wooden stone like you to raise a daughter that suddenly appeared.”

But Bill was quick to correct her, “What daughter? I just wanted to…”

“Don’t say such nonsense,” Chef Mona interrupted him firmly, pointing towards the Duke’s Rose Garden. “Pick up the roses over there.”

Bill’s face contorted with confusion.”What are you planning to do with those ro…?”

But before he could finish his sentence, Chef Mona interrupted, her eyes sparkling with excitement. “Oh, my dear Bill! You truly are a flower-growing expert, but you seem to be lacking in the art of gift-giving.”

“Gift?” Bill repeated, his brow furrowed in embarrassment. He had never thought of giving flowers as a gift before.

Chef Mona continued, “When a young girl reaches a milestone in her life, it’s tradition for her to receive a bouquet of flowers. And Leyla, your daughter, is about to reach one of those milestones.”

Bill’s face contorted sharply with guilt, “You right, even though she’s not my real daughter…I still have to give her a gift, but I haven’t found the right time yet. Oh, my. I should have sent it as soon as possible, but it turned out like this.“

Chef Mona shrugged, “Why don’t you give it to her now?”

“But she will go somewhere, isn’t she?

“What can I do? Mr. Remmer can’t think of her as a daughter, and if Leyla has no place to go, he has no choice but to send her to an orphanage or something. Well! Should I find a gift for you if you can’t do it with your hands?”

“By the way, the idea that you would send a girl to a place where she would be unprotected saddens me greatly. This is how the world has to be.” As Bill Remmer’s eyelids twitched, the chef’s tone grew even more annoying. “She will be a striking beauty if she turns out to be an upstanding young lady, but if she ever meets with a rascal…..”

“Oh God!” Bill’s nerves were frayed to the breaking point. He couldn’t take it anymore and shouted,” I’ll do it! ” I’ll raise her and pick the gift on my own, just stop talking!”

Chef Mona’s words were like a bitter pill for Bill Remmer to swallow, her intention to help him clear but the reality of the situation weighing heavily on him. He couldn’t bear the thought of Leyla being sent to a place with no one to protect her, the harshness of the world too much to bear.


Bill Remmer stood before the blooming roses flushed with wide variety of colors, his mind awhirl with confusion and uncertainty. He had always tended to the flowers with care and dedication, but the thought of plucking them for a purpose as foreign to him as gift-giving was daunting.

“Oh, I’m scared. People would think you’re her real father.” Chef Mona’s hateful laughter echoed in his ears as she shook out her apron and left the garden. Bill was left alone in the silence, pacing between the flower beds, scratching his neck in agitation. It wasn’t until a young worker approached him that he realized how foolish he must have looked.

As the young worker approached him with concern etched on his face, Bill Remmer couldn’t help but feel a sense of unease. The boy’s innocence was a sharp contrast to the thoughts racing through Bill’s mind. He thought of Leyla, and how one day, this simple boy may very well be the one to give her flowers, to court her. The idea made Bill’s blood boil.

“Mr. Remmer…?” The worker’s voice broke through his thoughts, but Bill’s fierce gaze was enough to make the boy shrink back in fear.

Taking a deep breath, Bill tried to calm himself. He shook his hand dismissively, ignoring the worker and once again began pacing through the rose garden. He reached for a flower, but each time, he pulled back, his mind consumed by the thought of Leyla and the future.








Meanwhile, Leyla was running an errand for Lady Claudine Brandt, picking fresh roses from the garden to take to her drawing room. Though the task was easy enough, it broke Leyla’s heart to see the remaining flowers, the ones that Uncle Bill had tended to with so much care and love, discarded and left to wither away.

“Tricky and troublesome” was how Uncle Bill described the rose garden, but Leyla knew that he held a deep reverence for the flowers. The garden workers had also shared this sentiment, saying that Uncle Bill believed roses were just like people that they thrived when they were loved sincerely.

As expected, Lady Claudine had left behind many roses after her visit. Leyla couldn’t help but stare at them longingly, and impulsively asked the maid who had come to deliver the labor fee, “Those flowers, may I take them?”

“Roses? I was just going to throw them away, so take them as you please,” the maid responded nonchalantly before following her mistress’ footsteps.

Left alone, Leyla hesitantly approached the table, carefully arranging the bouquet in her arms. Holding the bundle of fragrant roses felt strange and unfamiliar, but also comforting in a way she couldn’t quite explain.


The cabin’s yard was filled with rose bushes because it was a gardener’s home. Leyla was welcome to as many as she desired. She occasionally sliced the rose into pieces to use as table and desk decor. She used dried petals to create a fragrance bag. Uncle Bill didn’t stop Leyla from spreading it all around the home despite admitting it was bothersome.

She remembered an arrangement of flowers that her friends used to boast about, and that was why a plain rose feels so fresh to her.

Leyla left the Duke’s home while pondering many things. The rose looked lovelier in the sunlight. Leyla made the decision to treat the bouquet she was holding as a present. Anyway, believing that it was a present from Uncle Bill didn’t seem to be particularly inaccurate.

Leyla took a lighter stride as she moved along the forest trail. Along the leaping stairs, the hair that had been waved loose to make a thread to tie the bouquet was.

She was unaware of how fortunate she was that the painful job and discomfort was no longer present. Nevertheless, she claimed that going forward, she would go through it every month. Even though Chef Mona’s new underwear was uncomfortable, it was considerably more tolerable than that.

Being a woman, Chef Mona had said the words that were Bermuda Triangles like mystery to Leyla, shrouded in uncertainty and prickling with a sense of foreboding. She couldn’t quite grasp the full meaning of it yet, but the memory of the word alone sent a shiver down her spine. To Leyla, the idea of becoming a woman held a sense of awe and reverence.

‘That woman.’

That’s what her relatives had called her mother, with all sorts of derogatory modifiers attached.

‘Her daughter’

They called her that name with disdain, their anger clear in their tone. It was easy to see how much contempt they held for her.

Was her mother truly the terrible woman they made her out to be?

Leyla had been grappling with this question more and more, but finding an answer proved difficult. But one thing was certain, Leyla never wanted to be like the woman they spoke of, or like her mother, or like her daughter.

It was a small, bloody lump that caught her eye, diverting her thoughts from her contemplation. Leyla didn’t have to get closer to know what it was-

a beautiful little bird, shot by the Duke.

She recoiled in horror, biting back the scream that threatened to escape her lips.


Leyla nervously walked the winding path through the forest, her heart pounding with fear. It was not the day of the hunting party, and yet she knew that the Duke had a habit of going out alone to practice his marksmanship on the small birds of the forest.

Uncle Bill praised the Duke’s improved shooting skills day by day, but Leyla could not shake the feeling of dread that overcame her whenever she thought of him alone in the woods with a gun in his hand.

The Duke became a completely different person when he was not surrounded by the other nobles.

Whenever he went hunting alone, it was bad news for both the forest’s small birds and her.

She debated turning around and going the other way, but her curiosity got the better of her.

As she walked, the sound of gunfire echoed through the trees, and Leyla knew that the Duke was nearby. When she drew closer, she could see the Duke on the road, his horse’s head turned in her direction. He had just lowered his gun, and a small bird lay bloodied at his feet.

Leyla froze, hugging a bunch of roses close to her chest as the Duke’s eyes met hers. She could see the change in his expression, from one of satisfaction to one of malice. She wanted to run, but her legs would not move. She wanted other nobles to show up and save her, but no one came no matter how long she waited.

The Duke was by himself.


Side Story 11







With lightning quick reflexes, Matthias spotted the child sprinting away and immediately gave chase. Though it may have seemed like a simple, routine pursuit, Matthias couldn’t shake the feeling that there was something deeper at play.

Was she running from a traumatic memory?

The thought of the child almost getting shot on their first encounter sent a chill down his spine. But as he closed in on her, he realized that her desperate escape was becoming increasingly erratic and inexplicable. Despite her fear and confusion, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a thrill of excitement as he closed in on the mysterious girl.

The small girl’s terror was evident as Matthias approached her. She continued to look at him as she was cornered, and Matthias couldn’t help but notice how much her eyes resembled Arvis’s summer forest at that very time. They appeared to stand out even more despite her petite and thin build.

She was still a youngster, but he saw that she seemed to have matured since their first summer encounter.

Did they call her Leyla?

Leyla….Leyla Lewellin?

Intentionally driving slowly in her direction, Matthias followed her, but their gap gradually closed. The terror in her eyes increased as she turned around.

Rose…?

Leyla looked back as Matthias suddenly spotted the flower she was holding; she tripped over a stone, fell to the ground, and let out a brief scream that shattered the peace of the forest road.

As Matthias pulled up on his horse in front of the fallen child, the petals of a broken rose fluttered in the wind. He gazed at the scene for a moment before the child jumped to her feet and stepped back, her small face red and wet with tears.

“Oh, H-hello, Duke,” she said, as if giving up on any further resistance. Standing before him with her head bowed, she reminded Matthias of a deer she often encountered in the woods with her immature, slender arms and legs. As he stared at her stooped shoulders, Matthias’s gaze shifted to the rose on the ground. But before he could reach it, the child had already run off and hidden behind a tree, her figure shaking.


Though familiar, there was something different about her now and Matthias couldn’t shake the feeling that this encounter was not as simple as it seemed.

What kind of kid was she?

Matthias was getting bored with this situation, it was nothing more than a minor annoyance. But he couldn’t help but find it amusing to spend his time on such a pointless pursuit. He lowered his squinty eyes and examined the bouquet of roses, the scattered petals fluttering in the wind.

“Hey kid, pick it up,” he said, pointing to the bouquet at the end of his hunting gun. “It’s yours.”

The child’s green eyes, staring blankly at him, filled with tears. Matthias stared at her for a long time.

The afternoon was becoming more and more tedious.

That was when he decided to end this game. He got off his horse and picked up the abandoned bouquet of roses and approached the child who was hiding behind the tree. He handed the flowers to her politely, but with a hint of haughtiness, that perfectly matched the Duke of Herhardt’s appearance. The child, who took the flowers without realizing it, looked confused, but Matthias paid no heed. He left the flustered child behind and turned away.

As Matthias returned to the mansion, he shot several more birds, making for a decent afternoon hunt.

But his encounter with Bill Remmer in the rose garden was about to take an unexpected turn.

“Well, Duke,” the gardener greeted him as usual, but this time he had something to say. Matthias turned to face him.

“It’s nothing more than… Can I take that rose?” Bill Remer pointed to a flowerbed of precious roses that the two Duchesses particularly cherished, yet his tone was uncharacteristically timid.

“Yes, as much as you like,” Matthias replied casually. “As Mr. Remer wishes.” He turned away, leaving a moderately indifferent and generous answer. But as he took a few steps, he noticed the gardener approaching the flowerbed he had just given permission to take from.

“Ah, Mr. Remer,” Matthias called out, causing the man to stop in an awkward position with a start. “No,” Matthias, who had been lost in thought for a moment, shook his head, erasing his previous question. He couldn’t help but wonder how long the orphan in charge of the garden, Leyla, would remain in this Arvis.

Matthias was suddenly filled with curiosity about the child he had encountered in the garden, but he didn’t want to get involved. There was no reason for him to know the identity of a child who was just one of the numerous users of Arvis, which had now become boring to him. He left the garden and quickly forgot about the kid.

The following year, Duke Herhardt returned to Arvis as usual, but he never again went on a hunt to chase away the orphan living in the forest. And the next year, Matthias was commissioned as an officer through the Royal Military Academy, following in the family tradition.


While serving on the overseas front, he never returned to his fief, and the child, who meant nothing to him, disappeared from his life as if she had vanished into thin air. There was no place for such meaningless memories in the life of the perfect Duke of Herhardt.

It really was.

Until the summer after returning from the front as he stood on the Platanus Road where the lush greenery stretched out before him.

A beautiful wave of green.

Her eyes were as striking as ever, reminding him of the summer forest of Arvis.



Leyla carefully dug a hole and placed the rose in it. It was the same rose she had found last summer, paired with a beautiful water bird that she had decorated with colored thread.

She laid the bouquet of roses next to the bloody, cold bird before covering it up with soil. She hesitated for a moment, but ultimately decided to bury it.

She never would have imagined that the Duke would pick up a bouquet of flowers, let alone be as polite as he was. He was just like the Duke Herhardt that everyone knew, dignified and reserved. The thought of him doing something so out of character was strange and surreal. It was the first time she felt like she truly met the Duke of Herhardt, the man who was praised by the people of Arvis.

Leyla held her breath in fear that he might bully her in some other way, but nothing more happened. He handed her the roses, turned and left.

It wasn’t until he was gone that she realized she was relieved. She felt embarrassed at the thought that the roses might have been a gift from Claudine, someone who had thrown them away. But as she walked back to her cabin with the bouquet she couldn’t bring herself to throw away, the journey felt much longer than usual. It was something she shouldn’t have kept.

Leyla made such a strong commitment as she set out with gloves and shovels to bury the birds the Duke had murdered. She then returned to the space and picked up the flower she had placed at the desk’s end.

The dead bird buried the rose in that recollection. Leyla then returned to the cabin while running. I hope the Duke hate hunting. She repeated the fruitless prayers over and over again on her way back.

“You’ve travelled through the woodland again today, huh!” Just as Leyla was about to enter the front door, a booming voice startled her, causing her to turn her head. Uncle Bill was squatting on the porch and was watching Leyla. “You’re still a child, you know, an infant.” His voice was low, but the tone was actually extremely cordial.


Leyla quickly moved toward him after setting down her gloves and shovel. Leyla, who frequently attempted to occupy the chair next to Uncle Bill, was deterred by a bouquet of flowers that had been placed there.

“Uncle?” Leyla asked, as she noticed the bouquet in Uncle Bill’s hands.

He hesitated for a moment before answering, “Well… it’s like that. It’s for you, keep it.”

Leyla’s eyes widened in surprise, “Me? Really? Is it a present for me?”

“Gift? I’ve only picked what’s grown all over the world,” Uncle Bill said casually, but Leyla was already thrilled and couldn’t contain her excitement.

She hugged the bouquet, which was almost as big as her body, and paced around the porch, admiring the flowers in the sunlight and then in the shade. She couldn’t stop smiling.

Uncle Bill couldn’t help but burst out laughing, forgetting the embarrassment he had felt earlier. He thought it was just a small gesture, but seeing the child’s happiness made it all worth it.

“But, uncle, this is a precious rose that the Duchess likes. Is it okay for me to take it?” Leyla asked, holding the rose tightly and her face filled with concern. Uncle Bill, taken aback, blurted out “Geez. A child like you worries about everything!”

“Still…” Leyla said.

“Don’t worry, I won’t get in trouble for picking a few roses.”

“Really?” Leyla asked, her eyes shining with hope.

“Do you think I would lie to you?” Uncle Bill replied with a chuckle.

Leyla shook her head and hugged the bouquet even tighter. “Thank you, uncle. It’s so pretty.” She smiled broadly, holding back her tears. She thought she could finally forget the memory of the rose buried with the bird. Having a real present for Leyla Lewellin, something this big and beautiful.

Leyla lowered her head over the bouquet of roses and breathed in the sweet scent for a long time. In the meantime, the tears in her eyes and nostrils gradually calmed down. She didn’t know what it meant to be a woman yet, but there was no vague fear now. She felt like everything was going to be fine, in a rosy and sweet way, like Uncle Bill’s blessing.

The two stayed on the porch that day longer than usual.

Uncle Bill continued to give Leyla affectionate head pats, which Leyla didn’t give any thought to. She burst out laughing, relishing the hard treatment that put her at ease.

She didn’t understand the roses her uncle had given her didn’t have thorns until that evening. She discovered the stem was smooth and devoid of any little thorns as she unwrapped the newspaper and


rope that had been used to wrap the bouquet before placing it in a vase. The roses were identical throughout.

The summer’s lengthening ended.

After the Duke left Arvis, the forest was once again peaceful. Leyla also developed swiftly in the wilderness, as if she had finally let go of something. She transformed from a girl into a lady at this very moment, as Chef Mona had said, the magic of the years.

Such calm days continued up until the summer, when the Duke came back.





Leyla glanced at the bookcase covered in flowers, and she suddenly had vivid memories of those times.

The rose that Uncle Bill had given her withered and was lost over time, but the memory was as fresh as ever.

Lovely days infused with genuine love. Leyla was aware that the rose Matthias had given her would eventually wilt and vanish, but the memory would live on in her heart and mind always. The lovely rose of the night that had been delicately tucked into her ears, not the broken bouquet that had to be buried with the bird.

Leyla gently grinned as she descended from the window frame and shut her somewhat warm eyes. Then she heard a knock on the door. A maid who worked for Norma and Elysee was standing beyond the open door.

The maid gave the message in a calm voice and with good politeness.

“My lady, the Duchesses are looking for you. Come along with me.”


Side Story 12






The tea party with the Herhardt family’s three regal duchesses was in full swing, the atmosphere crackling with a moderate calmness tinged with awkwardness. As conversation hit a lull, the soothing splash of the fountain and the melodic chirping of birds filled the air, providing a serene background to the delicate dance of teacups and saucers, aiding a little to conceal the awkwardness for a little while.

Leyla gingerly placed her cup on the table, trying to imitate the graceful movements of the two elder duchesses, her heart stuffed with suffocation of royalty while avoiding the intoxicated gaze of Elysee von Herhardt.

“You are truly a duchess now,” Norma said with a warm smile, catching Leyla’s eye. To everyone’s surprise, even Elysee von Herhardt nodded in agreement, casting the web of unpredictability.

“Indeed, Leyla is becoming quite the elegant lady. She never fails to impress me,” she said with a faint trace of admiration. Leyla couldn’t help but beam with pride, her face aglow with happiness like a glass greenhouse being filled with sunlight, while her eyes remained cool and composed, the epitome of poise and grace.

The lush vibrant roses were beaming through the vases on the table. Elysee von Herhardt’s gaze flitted to the roses adorning their table as she turned to Leyla and asked, “Isn’t that right, Leyla?”

The question caused Leyla to flush and fidget like a nervous child, getting flooded with anxiety. She took a warm sip of tea, trying to compose herself and to distract herself from sharp gazes.

Leyla was not the daughter-in-law she had hoped for as Elysee had to admit that.

She attempted to mold Leyla into a proper noblewoman yet her efforts had gone in vain. But she couldn’t let her disappointment show, not when it came to protecting her family and her own dignity. Deep down, Elysee wondered with a heartache if Leyla would ever meet her expectations, but the presence of her son, Matthias, made things no different than before.

It was amusing to see Leyla struggle, especially when the biggest obstacle in her transformation was Matthias himself, who seemed content to keep the “traces of Arvis’ child” in her, even after she had become his wife.

“Leyla, you’ve earned the recognition of even the discerning Elysee. You must be working very hard,” Norma interjected, her words skillfully changing the mood as she gave a subtle wink to the waiting-maid.

The maid returned hurriedly with a boxed package and handed it to Leyla, the box took Leyla by the uninvited surprise. “This is…” She looked at the two mistresses with widened, doe eyes.

“Open it. It’s a gift from us,” Elysee von Herhardt said, her voice soft and gentle.

Leyla hesitated before carefully untying the ribbon and opening the lid. Inside, she found a glass frame wrapped in thin paper. As the paper was lifted, she froze like the earth underneath her feet became an iceberg. The frame contained a photograph taken by the Arvis family, and among the many people in the picture, Leyla spotted her beloved father, Bill Remmer, standing stoutly on the far left, looking profusely peeved after being dragged into the photograph.

“I found a nice place to put pictures of you and Felix,” Norma said, her eyes becoming increasingly gentle as she looked at Leyla, whose words stuck in her throat and the tears welled in her eyes. “It’s a picture that records the history of the family, but it’s the only picture left of Bill Remmer. He really hated taking pictures,” Norma said as she remembered stumbling across the picture that had been sitting in the bottom compartment of the cabinet, collecting dust.

“But really, is it okay for me to have this?” Leyla asked, her voice unsteady as the frame trembled in her shaky hands. Elysee von Herhardt, who had been watching amusedly, laughed.

“Yes, I will give it to you. Even if you come to possess it, it’s our family’s history,”

“Thank you so much,” Leyla said, her nose turning red as she bowed her head in gratitude. “Thank you so very much. I must say, it’s very precious. Thank you very much,” she repeated, her voice unsteady as she struggled to mask her overwhelming feelings.

In every way possible, Leyla did not seem to have the dignity of a duchess, but Elysee decided not to point that out, at least not yet.

Leyla had calmed down before she began to cry, she pressed her eyelids tightly with her fingers, took off her glasses and smiled brightly as she gingerly put them back on again. She may have been an unsatisfactory daughter-in-law who did not meet the expectations of royalty, but it wasn’t all that bad, as Elysee shared the same sentiments.

She may have lacked a little in dignity, but she was a brutally honest child, and when Elysee saw her smiling face and realized it looked just like Felix, her tolerance for her widened just a little like a glitters of light through a cracked door.

“Leyla, it’s time you need to learn some royal manners,” Elysee said, her voice stern yet hushed, like the sound of the fountain. Leyla’s head shot up in surprise. It wasn’t expected at all. “You cannot call yourself a proper lady if you act so politely towards your family,” Elysee continued, shedding Leyla off the little pride she gained before.

“Family,” Leyla repeated quietly, her mind racing like a wild horse with the blend of thoughts.

“You are now a von Herhardt, so we must hold you to a higher standard,” Elysee added.

Leyla’s lips quivered once more as she processed the word “family.” Elysee, who was studying her face, offered a dispirited smile. “I find it difficult to fully understand and accept you, and I suspect that will


continue in the future,” Elysee admitted, choosing not to sugarcoat the truth and display honesty in her demeanor as much as she could afford. Leyla nodded, understanding.

“You are my beloved son’s wife and my little grandson’s mother. I must respect that and I do, even if I do not fully accept it. You are a member of the Herhardt family, and while you may not be the perfect duchess, you do have certain advantages.”

Elysee calmly conveyed her true feelings to Leyla, who was not entirely satisfied but not overly bothered by the critique. It was simply the conclusion Elysee had come to after observing Leyla for the past year. “I still do not understand why Matthias sent you to college, but it was quite exhilarating and pleasant for the Duchess of Herhardt to triumph over the sons of the women who once spoke ill of our family. How agreeable a situation,” Elysee said.

“Yes, I’ll do my best next semester too,” Leyla said with a bright smile on her face, her previous apprehensive expression now gone.

“I look forward to it. By the way, Leyla, would you like to take advantage of anything else?” Elysee asked.

“Pardon me?” Leyla replied, profoundly confused.

“Perhaps the great advantage of having a child like Felix,”

Elysee said seriously. Leyla didn’t couldn’t comprehend her words. Even then, she remained silent, knowing it was not her place to speak when not spoken to.

“Wouldn’t it be so good for you to have at least another well-mannered child?” Elysee hinted with a gentle smile. Even as they expressed their expectations so openly, both women remained impossibly graceful. Leyla was envious of their respectable, lady-like performances, born and bred to perfection.

“If I’m being honest, I would love to have many children… but Matthias doesn’t seem to share that sentiment. He says that one child, Felix, is enough,” Leyla mustered up the courage to explain herself despite feeling flustered. Elysee, observing her daughter-in-law nonchalantly, opened her fan with a cold and unfeeling gesture.

“What does it matter, Leyla? You’re the one carrying the child,”

“What?” Leyla exclaimed, caught off guard.

“Men only have the choice of whether or not to participate in activities that may lead to such results. But the Duke’s morning routine is simply to visit the Duchess’s bedroom – doesn’t she have a choice in the matter?” Norma added, with a scrutinizing gaze. Leyla was at a loss for words, feeling embarrassed and unsure of how to respond to such private and intimate topics being discussed so casually.

“Even if he doesn’t want to, when the time comes for him to have his own child, he will fulfill his duties as a father. Isn’t that right, Elysee?” Norma asked, glancing at her daughter-in-law.


“Sure, Matthias will do as you please,” Elysee readily agreed, her eyes briefly pausing on Leyla’s flushed and reddened face.

After that, the conversation soon returned to its original, tasteful orbit. It was hard to find any trace of the conversation that had only occurred a moment ago – the one that made Leyla so ashamed that she developed the growing urge to faint in front of the two hostesses who were now enthusiastically planning a party to be held in a few weeks.

Between the birdsong, crystal-clear and melodious against the backdrop of the fountain’s steady trickle, Leyla found herself surrounded by her own thoughts amidst the quiet conversation between the two older ladies, reflecting on how similar her husband Matthias seemed to be to his grandmother and mother.

The apple doesn’t fall far from the tree, she supposed.



‘Knock, knock.’

It echoed through the bedroom door, gaining Matthias’ attention as he looked towards it. It was soft, but then it came around a second time, a little louder. Almost as if it was an urgent matter.

Upon further investigation, the knocking came, not from the main bedroom door. But rather from the connecting door, which led straight down the duchess’ bed chambers.

Finally coming to action, Matthias took his time in setting down and covering his business files on the table as he tilted his head towards the closed door.

With no answer, Leyla finally turned the door’s knobs, finding no resistance in opening them before she peaked her head in as she grew more restless with the continued silence. Upon seeing him just staring at her, she can’t help but frown in irritation.

“Why didn’t you answer? You were quite clearly in the room.” Leyla’s eyes narrowed in annoyance at him when she found Matthias reclining back on a chair.

“Why were you knocking on the door?” he rebutted in nonchalance. Matthias himself had never once knocked on the door leading to the duchess’ room; so in turn Leyla decidedly became more confident.

“It’s rude to open the door so suddenly.” she pointed out additionally. Whatever I am, I am foremost a lady.”

The rambunctious laughter erupted out of Matthias, who stared at his wife who had made a fairly sly joke, gently flowed through and entangled itself with the melody of the waltz filling the duke’s bedroom.

Leyla had finally crossed the line with a bright smile plastered on her face. Matthias’ eyes did not leave her for a moment until she came and stopped by.

“You must be very busy today, too.” She eventually added as she stopped right in front of him.

There was a stricken tension in Leyla’s eyes as she quickly alternated between looking at the documents piled up on the table and looking at Matthias. It signified that she had something to say.

“Yes.” Tension in the room quickly turned into embarrassment when she heard his short, and succinct answer.

Matthias, who greatly enjoyed the amusing reactions of Leyla at this moment, revealed his inner mischief by doing his best to hold back a little smile at the end of his lip.

“But it’s over now.” He loosened his legs, rose lightly and stood face to face with his wife. “Say it, Leyla.” He expressed his willingness to listen, but Leyla couldn’t open her mouth and began to pace in circles.

For his wife, who probably needed more time, Matthias leant comfortably against the glistening, glass window frame. Only after enough time had passed for the white muslin curtain to swell and sink several times did Leyla come through with a determined face. The posture of holding her head upright with the back of her hand was indeed quite bold.

“Can I really be as greedy as I want?” Leyla stared at him in a slight apprehension, her tone genuinely serious.

“As much as you like.” Matthias nodded encouragingly, he had the same composure as that of a full predator. Leyla, who gazed up at his intimidating face quietly, reflected her greed and hunger in her eyes shamelessly to him.

“I wish to have another child.” she leaned in closely to his lips, her breath hitting his as she eyed him sultrily.

“Another child?” Matthias quirked up a brow at her, but his eyes darkened upon hearing her request.

“Yes. I want a baby.” she reiterated, blinking up coquettishly at him, “I can’t help but crave for another, you see.”

“Leyla,” Matthias breathed out in a low growl, matching her intensity tenfold. Leyla paused hesitantly before uttering her words clearly, with a caring face, looking at him in a manner she knew he’d be weak against.

“Give it to me,” she whispered against his lips, “I want your seed inside me.”


Side Story 13






It was so unlike her. To be so bold about such lewd desires in front of him. Matthias couldn’t help but chuckle at her newfound brazenness, but his eyes darkened with lust upon the prospect of breeding her once more.

Not liking his unresponsiveness, Leyla decided to be even more aggressive, further pushing herself up against him.

“One child is not enough,” Leyla persisted, “Felix, as wonderful as he is, just looks so much like you. I want a daughter this time, someone to take after my likeness for a change.”

“And if it doesn’t happen this second time around?” he teased her, both spouses circling each other like hungry vultures. “If we have another son like Felix? You’d be saddled with just two more like me, Leyla.” he chuckled at her.

“It won’t.” Leyla insisted, biting her lip seductively as she looked up at him through her lashes, “It’ll go exactly as I want it to be. I can feel it.” she hummed up at him, leaning against his callous palm that came up to caress her face.

“And how can you be so sure of that?”

“Won’t you wish for such a thing, my Duke?” she pleaded haughtily at him, “After all, you always get what you want.” she cooed at him. “Our daughter, Leah, can’t you want her? She already has the name her father gave her. So, the only thing she just has to do now is be born.”

Leyla laid her hands still on Matthias’ hands wrapped around her cheeks. His gaze, which looked deeply, was just calm, with neither affirmation nor negation. How she spoke was desperate – almost as though she were trying her very best to bargain with him. Her glistening doe eyes looked up towards him and begged profusely. Realizing that he was not at all moved by her actions or words, her face darkened and turned melancholic.

“Do you hate children?” Leyla’s deliberately sullen performance was clumsy and even more lovely, seemingly having the opposite effect to what she intended upon Matthias.

“Leyla, I don’t care how many children I have.” Looking into Leyla’s eyes, full of himself, Matthias calmly conveyed his true feelings. “If you think about our family, the more children, the better. And to every child born, I will fulfill my duties as a father. It’s a job that has nothing to do with that judgment, whether you like it or not. But you must have completely different expectations. I may as well only be able to handle Felix.”

And Leyla, I’m afraid of that.


Matthias reflected on his silent thoughts. The existence of another child was still giving him somewhat mixed and vague feelings. Of course, Felix was not in that category.

He loved his son.

He was a child who endured painful days, was born healthy, and became Leyla’s hope. He was also the biggest contributor, acting as a political pawn to his mother’s reluctant and strained acceptance as a Duchess. Matthias knew well that there was no name but love when referring to the feeling at the moment when he saw his son smiling just like his mother with that face. Even if the love was a little different from Leyla’s wish, it certainly was what it was.

But, what about the other kid?

Well, Matthias was hard to be sure. Would his feelings for Felix arise the same way for any other children he may have? Without such a dramatic war, separation, and reunion, Felix’s may have remained in the same sense as any other achromatic name.

Even so, he could quite possibly build and maintain the balance and order of the world as much as he could, and he would do the same for everyone except…

Leyla.

His Leyla.

“Matthias.”

He cut off and buried the idea of Leyla’s friendly, loving image.

“Can’t you think of me instead of a future that’s not yet clear?” Leyla wrapped her slowly lowered arms around his waist. Pressing herself gently against her husband, her soft, warm lips curled into a slight smile as she teasingly reminisced her dreams.

“I want to spend time with you when I have a baby; they shall grow up, and be born into this world doused in comforting and warm love. It would be so like you to prefer that time spent… over the baby… you couldn’t do that when we had Felix.”

Speaking of this, Leyla felt like she’s not a good mother, but at the moment, she decided not to hide this greed.

“Oh, and of course… I also want to happily confess that I have a baby – and be warmly congratulated. I want to proudly show off that my baby has grown this much without hiding that I’m pregnant. When morning sickness comes, I can complain that it’s hard and be fussed over relentlessly, and I can beg for what I want to eat, and when time passes and the day when the baby is born, I hope the whole family will joyously greet the baby together. I won’t be lonely.”

Her eyes suddenly dampened and turned red, and her voice began to tremble, but Leyla could still muster a tiny smile.

“Give me all that time and memory… as a gift, shall we say. Is that okay?”

Matthias von Herhardt was utterly defeated.

Matthias admitted the fact with a long, passionate kiss. There was no other answer. He didn’t seem to want to find it, either.

Their deep kiss, which began while they were still standing by the window, got interrupted for a moment when the two of them finally reached the bed.

She waited with a disorderly breath, but for some reason, the man in front of her showed no signs of continuing what they were doing – all he did was look down at her, her figure clearly reflected in his eyes. After staring at each other for a while, a sigh mixed with laughter escaped from his lips. This sudden change in behaviour made Leyla uncertain of what had just happened.

“I thought I was being used as a means to fulfill your greed.” Matthias said with a frown as he lightly tilted his head. Discerning the playfulness in his soft voice, she nonchalantly smiled and sat up straight.

“Yes, that’s right. How does it feel to be used by me, Duke?” she playfully asked while fiddling on his shirt buttons. The once pure and innocent Leyla had now become quite adept at unravelling his clothes-her warm fingertips quickly unbuttoned his shirt, revealing his strong chest to her gaze.

“You can do as you please, Your Majesty…” He replied with a cool and smooth tone while looking down at her nimble and petite hands that were diligently taking off his buttons.”… I’d happily obey your orders.”

His words made Leyla turn her attention towards the man in front of her with a light frown. This man was the most fascinating when he wore that dubiously crooked and arrogant grin, like a rogue that was eyeing a precious treasure.

“All right, I will do just what you’ve asked-” She smiled sweetly and innocently like an untainted maiden, yet she expertly took off his shirt that was just secured by the last button. “and use you to my heart’s content.”

She firmly pulled him onto the bed as if trying to prove her words that were filled with fierce determination. Matthias happily followed along as she took the lead; otherwise her weak frame wouldn’t even be able to exert enough force to push down her large physique with such ease.

She soon ran out of ideas on what to do next, and ended up hesitating for a good while. With renewed determination, she first made him sit down against a fluffy pile of cushions– she then quickly sat on his lap and hurriedly took off her own pyjamas. Not wearing any underwear, her mesmerizing naked body was not long after shown in front of him.

Matthias slowly moved his gaze from her naked chest to her smooth, supple legs with an arrogant smirk. His scrutinizing gaze soon went back to Leyla’s pretty face that was full of embarrassment. As if she could not bear his hungry gaze any longer, she quietly gave up on trying to make him stop his blatant


staring. It was undoubtedly a very embarrassing situation for her, but in the end, she didn’t hate it – she couldn’t even bring herself to hate it either.

She slowly breathed out a small sigh and began to kiss his neck, where she could feel his faint pulse. Slowly, she continued downwards– to his hard, sharp collarbone, his muscular shoulder, and finally, to the scar below his shoulder.

She may have gotten used to it by now, but sometimes when she sees his scars once again, her mind effortlessly returns to the night when she first saw the violent scars that were left on his body. At that time, she was shocked to the point that she was rendered speechless and dazed for quite a while.

‘What the hell are those?’

After discovering the gruesome marks from his old wounds that littered his body, she hurriedly took off all his clothes like a distressed and concerned mother and began to diligently check all the scars that had been left all over his body. When she saw the scars that had come from the battle where the harrowing news of his forthcoming death circulated wildly, she began to loudly cry and sob uncontrollably like a wounded child without even realizing it.

On that day, she kissed his scars lovingly and tenderly, just like what she did tonight.

Tears welled up in her eyes and soon, she couldn’t stop sobbing. She knew it was a pain that could never be erased with just her kiss, but she wanted to comfort him with whatever means that she could.

Deep down in her heart she realized, after repeating such actions laced with her desperate wishes – kissing his scars that had brought him pain again and again, that there was no more room left in her heart to hate and resent this man.

He returned back to her side and….

She forgave him.

Tonight was that kind of night, a special moment where they spent time together without hatred or sadness. They needed to start afresh, but this time only with their undying love for one another.

Leyla ended her barrage of kisses, that were akin to a sacred ritual, by delivering a warm final kiss on his hardened, flexed arm where the remnants of a gunshot wound remained.

How far they’ve gone since they first took those first steps that day?

She slowly raised her head and stared at Matthias to see how he would react. She liked the sound of his breath, which was as frantic as the waves of a stormy sea. She also found herself deeply enamored by his dark, soulful eyes, which shone with desires so clouded that even the most nearsighted could make them out.


She stretched out her thin, pale arms and held him gingerly by the back of his neck. Their burning body heat and pounding hearts slowly merged as their bare chests touched and were held tightly against one another.

“You’re so beautiful.” Leyla caressed him lovingly, giving him kisses and murmuring sweet nothings in his ears like he was a loved infant. A certain someone thought that those words didn’t fit his current appearance at all.

As he gasped for air, Matthias blinked at his wife in bewilderment. Like her spouse, she glanced back blankly and smiled brightly at him. In contrast to the woman who was actually driving him crazy, she came across as an untypically innocent pure maiden.

“The first time I saw you… I was really surprised that you were so… beautiful. You’re so scary, but you’re still so gorgeous.”

“Don’t you think that’s a strange compliment to give to your husband?”

“Not at all. From that day till now, those words still ring true. I’ve never seen anyone as pretty as you– nor have I ever seen anyone as mean or hateful as you.” Leyla gave him a lighthearted peck on the lips after she made the confession.

“I’m glad you’re fine with such a mean man.” Matthias ended up laughing as if he had just heard a funny joke, ultimately surrendering to her in the end. His wife, who looked at him carefully, tilted her head slightly as if she were about to ask him something.

“Do you think this is the only thing I enjoy?” Her hands, which were noticeably warmer than usual, wrapped around his beautiful face. Leyla, who was completely redone and wore a very serious expression on her face, was incredibly alluring to him.

‘Well, you’re driving me crazy’, Matthias stared blankly at his beautiful wife as he thought. He made the executive decision not to tell her out loud~he didn’t even want her to know. At this moment, everything about this woman had to be his very own, and only for him.

“Ah, yes.” Her vision darted back and forth as she looked at Matthias who was simply nodding his head. “I used to.”

Leyla’s face flushed like an apple tree in full bloom when his mean words triggered long-buried memories, Even if she couldn’t see nor picture herself, She could still visualize her likeness ablaze with an uncontainable heat

‘Don’t cry, what you like is fine.’

In front of her pitiful appearance crying in pain, Matthias continued to calmly pacify his wife.


How could he tell such a lowly joke at a moment like this? Because of his words, Leyla fiercely removed her lips in a fit of anger, but she was ultimately speechless when she saw the brazen man pointing to his face.

It seemed intentional, but it was funny of him to ask.

All she could do was to hit the man before her with a clenched fist. The current situation was no different than that night.

While her flimsy fists seemed to do little more than pat his rock-solid shoulders and well-built chest, he casually undid his pants. Leyla, who only noticed his actions after a few minutes, flinched; Matthias, as usual, showed no qualms in revealing his desire upfront.

Why did she have to feel ashamed when he was the one who should be feeling embarrassed?

Such inane thoughts floated aimlessly in her confused brain, but they quickly evaporated.

Her rogue of a husband yanked her close to his powerful but flexible body by the neck and kissed her soft, pliant lips like he was a thirsty traveler. To get on top of her, he pushed his weight forward onto her, softly pushing her backwards. Big and strong, his arms encircled her and held her captive in his love and want.

Her eyes gazed at the air aimlessly, eventually captured his fading attention again with a sweet resignation.

“Matthy.”

For lack of anything else to say, she kept whispering his pet name over and over again. She knew he was still listening to her, albeit only half-heartedly.

She was embarrassed by her quavering voice and the hot, wet moans that accompanied them, but a part of her didn’t want to to keep her emotions buried. But her mind soon became swept away by the tidal surge of pleasure, and she could no longer recall even the name she had been calling out so often.

The snowy world in her green eyes began to shake as a warm, fiery heat overcame her.


Side Story 14






His exhausted wife fell asleep in his arms after giving in to him until she was completely spent. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that her awareness was completely depleted, but semantic differences like these didn’t matter; in the end, the outcome was the same.

Matthias remained immobile, savoring the feel of her tender form that had gone pliant from the euphoria she had received from his warmth. As her body gradually released its warmth and cooled, she snuggled closer into his robust arms. The unconscious yearning she exhibited by seeking out his heat was surprisingly enchanting, enough to briefly satiate him and set aside his unrequited longing.

Matthias tenderly planted a kiss on her delicate forehead before enveloping her in his tighter embrace. He couldn’t help but fall victim to a hopeless, amorous mood, despite being a married to her for a year and so. With the supple woman slumbering serenely in his arms, he was at a complete loss for what to do next.

He dismissed the notion that it was an amusing sensation to experience with his wife, as she was already his, completely. From head to toe that her skin, flesh and bones belonged to him, the same as her soul and her warm breathes.

He was acutely aware that his carnal desires for Leyla had never been his top priority before. And he had no desire to alter that fact, even if he possibly could.

Gradually, Leyla’s rhythmic breaths began to fill the empty room, cutting through the silence that only grew more profound with each passing moment.

Matthias gazed upon her visage with his arms still folded around her. When he stroked the soft tendrils of baby hairs on her forehead, the shadow cast by her long lashes quivered and danced in response, fluttering his soul in desire.

A gentle smile tugged at Matthias’s lips as he lowered his head to plant a tender kiss on the dampened corners of her eyes. The sensation of her body gently stirring in slumber provided an inexplicable sense of solace. The midsummer breeze permeated through them, through their intertwined bodies, drenched in love and desire, seamlessly melding with the comfortable warmth of the sheets that enveloped them.

With a firm touch, Matthias traced the faint path of tears that traced down her face and rested on her plump, supple lips. As he lingered, he was drawn like a magnet to the gravitating heat of her steady breath.

Although his stance on having another child remained unchanged, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a tinge of guilt for the limited time he was able to spend caring for her while carrying their child. His


inability to be there for her when she needed me most during the war meant that the only time he had seen her with Felix was all too fleeting and selfish.

He was consumed by a madness so profound that the life of his own child was rendered trivial in his eyes. But the pleasure Leyla, heavy with his unborn child, brought to him…..was enough to dull the sting

of disillusionment and self-loathing that festered within him. If only he could relive those moments with her once again… without the specter of pain and trauma lurking at every turn….

Matthias held her slender waist, a warmth so scorching it seared through him. The memory of her once-swollen belly flooded his mind, a painful reminder of the time he had lost a long time ago.

How could he forget the way her tummy had stretched and expanded, filling up until she seemed ready to burst at any moment?

What would it be like this time around?

How large would she grow in the coming year?

He couldn’t help but chuckle at the thought of her, imagining her as a beautiful, bloated creature. He adored her this moment and promised to love her forever. Such a sight would have been a marvel to behold, and he couldn’t help but smile at the vision.

His high speed train of thinking quickly became cluttered with random situations and inquiries, but as he felt her warmth calmly dozing in his arms, his confusion was quickly cleared. He was quick to admit, that he had been incredibly conceited, dismissing his love for her as something to be immediately satisfied and resolved once he had her.

His lethal obsession with her persisted even after the times when hecompletely believed she was entirely his, at least during the times that their bodies were intertwined.

He would be able to temporarily escape the sensation of powerlessness if hecould reach as far as hecould, thrust as forcefully as he could, and push his body to the limit while immersing himself in his beloved Leyla’s warmth.

Matthias reluctantly withdrew his hand, slowly away from her bare beautiful glittering chest when she slowly opened her eyes and let out a quiet moan. Then, he carefully tightened his grasp while slowly adding a tiny amount of strength as he looked into her hazy, murky eyes that were still drowsy.

Although this significantly hampered her ability to breathe, the wicked pleasure he received from adding his red handprints to her sensitive flesh made him feel warm like a scorching sun within.

“It’s okay, Leyla. Just rest.” Matthias whispered lovingly, calming like she was a little bothered child, kissing the lovely, hard nipples of her chest.

He noted her hushed, trembling voice and overt yearning while he already inside her body once more.

“……liar.” Leyla whispered through a soft voice. Her slender eyes narrowed as she gazed at him, yet a

faint, feeble smile graced her lips. Despite her seemingly lethargic demeanor, her gaze was sharp and pure, like a pristine lake that perfectly reflected the radiance of the full moon.

“Hm?” Matthias accepted her obligation coolly while sitting with his hips lifted. He had already settled into a comfortable position, sitting between her spread-apart knees, while she shrank and coiled up in response to the impending strain.

“What a liar you are” she said smilingly.

Leaving speechless, Matthias felt even more daring as he naturally smiled boldly. He, however, responded to her charge by kissing her knee for a split second. His queen gently relaxed her hard frame, accepting and falling into his unsaid submission.

Matthias tightened his hold on her slender waist and gently slid inside of her. He was utterly hungry, yearning for her even became stronger every time she inhaled deeply and softly and stroked her delicate body against his.

He kept pushing himself into her, his hunger grew everytime when he softly pressed himself against her pale, divine body.

Leyla was trembling uncontrollably experiencing too much pleasure. Her watery eyes were searching for something as she could only sob and dramatically reach out her arms towards him.

Matthias leaned down and answered her kind plea, his entire body making a lusty moan. Her insides were warm like a sun and soft as feather, much like her body, which was barely holding on after all the pleasure he had thrust inside her. And her insides constricted around his, celebrating the pleasure that triggered her body and soul together.

“……I love you…..” Matthias whispered softly between his staggered breaths, facing her sweaty face.

Now he learned the strange feeling he felt at the moment when his eyes locked onto hers– their bodies, intertwined like tangled hair.

Love…

Despite his attempts to look away and ignore his intense feelings he was webbed in, his heart tirelessly pounded with affection for her, defying his every attempt to resist.

“I am in love with you, Leyla.” I confessed.

The very sound of her name sent shivers down her spine, and the joy it brought to him to say these words was immeasurable.


His heart overflowed with love for her, and he could say it a thousand times and still felt the same rush of emotions. So he said it again and again.

Leyla….

I am deeply in love with you…

My Leyla….

I love You.



The slow-moving season of long days passed at a heartbreaking pace. The water of the Schulter River gradually darkened in color as the peak of the day’s heat wave passed. Even though it was still Summer, the color was a sure sign that fall was on its way.

Leyla accepted the passage of time with joy, even though it sometimes brought her to sadness.

Felix matured, ripening alongside the season. As he grew older, he began to resemble Matthias more and more, but also a lot like Leyla. She knew it was a given, but Leyla was always pleasantly amazed and happy about it.

Love grew as the season carried on, as did the child.

When Leyla was able to entrust herself to the Schulter River without further fear, Matthias went to Ratz for a short while. The expansion of the company, he said, had him focused with work matters.

She and Felix could have gone back to the capital together now that summer break had begun, but instead, Leyla chose to spend the season in Arvis with Felix until her husband returned.

Both Duchesses were pleased with the choice, but especially Elysee von Herhardt. Her remarkable affection for her grandson manifested itself in recent years and just recently she persisted on proclaiming Felix the truest and most well-made masterpiece of the Herhardt family, embarrassing Leyla to some degree.

“Why? Are you upset about giving up your husband’s seat to your son?” Staring right at Leyla, Elysee’s eyes were sharp and full of intrigue as she asked. “Leyla, wouldn’t it be hard to call your husband, who was so easily dazzled by a woman who used his life as a means, still a masterpiece of the family?”

The belligerence in her expressionless gaze was tangible. Leyla couldn’t come up with a suitable retort.

“If your own son were to threaten you, you’d know how I felt.”

Elysee said. But soon, gone was her smile, and replaced by a grim expression.


“No. That won’t happen; Felix can’t repeat his dad’s mistakes.” She smiled warmly and hugged the grandson who was sitting on her lap, playing happily. “Felix, you must be the true masterpiece of the Herhardt family.”

Although he had no idea what such a word meant, Felix smiled and nodded enthusiastically, knowing it would make both of his grandmothers pleased.

Day after day, the summer of Arvis passed without Matthias.

The two duchesses became increasingly attached to their grandson as the time for goodbye approached, making it more difficult for Leyla to spend quality time alone with her son. She did, however, feel a twinge of sadness for her son, who had fit in with no trouble without showing an ounce of shyness.

Leyla’s lips curled into a sweet grin as she reflected on her son’s bubbly personality, which she argued was nothing like her husband’s. She was getting bored studying for the upcoming semester, so she was heading out for a walk. She sought Felix’s company, but he was preoccupied with the gifts from his doting grandmothers.

Leyla took off her wide-brimmed straw hat as she stepped into the dense, tree-lined trail, Her long, fair hair flowed as the wind blew Memories of a past summer without her duke flooding her thoughts. So peaceful, just like the tranquility of the forest she was strolling through.

The year Matthias headed for the front lines as an officer after receiving his commission. Arvis’ people were a little unfamiliar with, when summertime arrived without the stormy ceremonial of Duke Herhardt’s return. Even Uncle Bill, who typically doesn’t care about such things, shared these sentiments.

Leyla decided to hide her smile.

How long she had waited for the summer without the Duke;

How happy and fortunate she was.

She wanted to bury all those feelings in her heart and have a peaceful summer.

She really thought it was.

Leyla went on an adventurous foray through the forest. She observed the returning migrating birds, made notes on the recently discovered flowers, and picked as many wild fruits as she wanted to convert into a delicious, jammy preserve.

Leyla matured much throughout the summer.

The long, lean limbs that had largely shaped her physique had given way to more feminine curves. Leyla Lewellin had a number of male admirers waiting for her at the Gillis Girls’ School entrance, but she was certain that she had no interest in dating at the time. It was the season when she shed her childlike


appearance in favor of a more gorgeous, womanly figure. A pleasant and beautiful summer, full of happy and lovely memories.

There were times, however, as today, when she halted in the midst of the woodland road. She tilted her head as she stared for a while along the peaceful lane, but she quickly forgot about it and continued on with another lithe step.

Leyla stared unblinkingly at the path that led to the Schulter River. The heel of her shoe kicked the ground softly, sending a cloud of dust wisping skyward.

She held her ground for a while, before walking downstream toward the river.

Should I call him?

That silly notion made her beam a bit oddly.

Re-dooning her hat, Leyla began to retrace her steps a little faster.



Kyle saw the man in an unexpected place.

He was accompanying his dad on a house call. He wasn’t quite ready to practice medicine on his own, but he did his best to be a trustworthy assistant.

Duke Herhardt’s ride came to a halt in front of a hotel on Etman Street, just opposite the medical center. The man’s familiar gestures as he stepped out of the car caught Kyle’s eye, when they would have gone unnoticed with any other person.

“What’s the matter, Kyle?” Dr. Etman questioned as he stepped out after parking his car.

“Oh, nothing. The weather is nice.” Kyle answered flatly before his dad could cross the street and have a look.

The summer that the Duke of Herhardt came home was also the summer that the Etmans left Carlsbar.

Nobody had compelled it, but it was obvious that it would happen eventually.

The Duke’s medical position was filled by a colleague of Dr. Etman’s, and they soon settled in Ratz, where they opened a larger hospital. After completing his medical training, Kyle planned to join his father in running the family hospital.

Thankfully, Dr. Etman was allowed immediate entry into the hospital without additional questioning.

Kyle, sighing heavily in relief, turned his gaze back to the street in search of the man he had just seen.

Almost at the same time, the Duke of Herhardt turned his head.

And their eyes met on the quiet road.


Side Story 15






The two men locked eyes in a tense, silent showdown. Time seemed to stand still as they calmly sized each other up, either flinching or breaking eye contact. It was the Duke who finally made the first move, turning to Kyle and giving a subtle nod of his chin. A gesture of politeness and detachment, a reminder that he was still the same Matthias von Herhardt, Duke of Herhardt, and Kyle was still just the doctor’s son he sometimes crossed paths with.

Like the days when someone named Matthias von Herhardt took up no meaning in his life, Kyle returned the greeting with a respectful nod of his own.

After years, the Duke hadn’t changed a bit.

His feelings pendulum-swung between frustration and a sense of relief. Maybe it’s because he can see Leyla’s happiness radiating off the Duke’s face.

Without a word, the Duke sauntered off into the hotel, his perfect aristocratic and businessman persona on full display. Kyle watched him go, his expression calm, but his mind racing like a wild stallion.

It was hard to avoid anything related to them as long as he lived under the sky of this Berg. He was kept up-to-date on the Ducal pair even if he didn’t try to seek it out. People persisted for a time in their interest in illegitimate children, the marriage that upended the entire empire, and the mistress who became a duchess.

New rumors abounded every day, which were then followed by various types of criticism and speculation. The aristocratic society was most enthusiastic about the position, but the university setting—where the Duchess entered and the doctor’s son, one of the scandal’s central figures—wasn’t all that different.

For the past year, Kyle had been living in a state of detachment, almost quarantined, as if he was completely uninvolved in the events that were happening around him. Despite others’ attempts to draw him into the drama, Kyle remained stoic, knowing that the Duke of Herhardt’s influence was the reason behind their silence.

But Kyle knew the truth how the Duke was a madman when it came to his wife. The nobles of Berg quickly learned this as well, as the Duke proved it without hesitation, using any means necessary to protect his beloved Duchess.

The noblemen, who understood the brutality of the Duke’s methods, were too afraid to speak out against him. Yet his power was not limited to just this one thing, and the fact that everything else remained unchanged made people even more afraid of the Duke of Herhardt.


After the Duke was no longer seen, Kyle headed to Etman’s hospital. His long strides determined as if he marched through the streets of Arvis with his closest friend. Despite his actions, his opinion of the Duke, Matthias von Herhardt, never wavered;

He wasn’t a good man, but somehow, he was still able to be a loving husband.

It was a strange paradox that Kyle had come to accept and even predict.



The Duke’s schedule was a whirlwind of activity, with no time for rest or leisure.

From a Foreign Ministry luncheon to a hotel meeting with businessmen, and finally, a board meeting to finalize new overseas oil investments, his schedule was jam-packed. His personal assistant, Mark Evers, followed closely behind, making sure everything ran smoothly, without a single word of complaint and with no room for a mistake.

As the Duke prepared to leave Arvis, his Duchess, his beloved Leyla von Herhardt, approached him, her eyes filled with impatience.

“How many days will your business take?” she asked.

The Duke, lost in thought, replied simply, “About a week.”

Despite the tight schedule, the Duchess couldn’t hide her joy at the thought of seeing her husband again sooner than expected. “I’ll be waiting,” she said with a smile, as the Duke leaned in for a goodbye kiss.

Mark Evers knew that the Duke would accomplish everything in that one week, no matter the cost. And as he followed the Duke through the hotel lobby and into the banquet hall, he reminded himself that, even if the schedule was unreasonable, he had no choice but to accept it and make it work. The Duke’s posture and smile were stoic, as if it was just another day at work, his courtesy and habits ingrained in him.

Mark Evers deftly stepped back as they neared the banquet hall’s entrance, giving the Duke the opportunity to command attention. The Duke’s presence was felt even more strongly under Mark’s skillful direction, and as a result, the room became silent and everyone’s attention was drawn to him like a metal to magnet. In what appeared to be anticipation of the Duke’s arrival, the air began to change and shift.

It was well known that the Duke was quite detested. Many people were unhappy with his marriage and his vigorous economic expansion since they upended the conventional aristocratic society. The Duke was strong and in charge despite everything, and his presence was undeniable.

Many powerful families lost their way and fell apart in the post-war upheaval, but Herhardt was getting richer and richer every day while embracing the new era’s order.


Whilst emergent businessmen kept their rivals in check and adoring the name’s aura, the aristocrats wanted to rely on him to undermine the rules.

Matthias slowly approached the threshold of the dinner hall after pausing for a while. Whatever it could be, the men assembled here graciously extended a warm welcome to the young proprietor of the Herhardt family.

Matthias started to move through them.



“Mr. Etman! Doctor!”

As Kyle stepped onto the second floor of the hospital, a familiar voice caught his attention. He turned to see a young girl, her bright green eyes shining in the sunlight, running towards him. She was out of breath and smiling, her blonde hair braided and swaying like a flawed pendulum as she stopped in front of him.

“I’m not a doctor yet,” Kyle replied with a gentle smile, ruffling the girl’s messy hair.

“Then what are you?” She tilted her head in curiosity.

“I’m still a student,” Kyle replied, his fingers lingering on the girl’s head as memories of his childhood with Leyla flooded back to him. The soft touch of her hair, the way her eyes shone, the way she stole his heart all those years ago.

“But I’ll call you doctor. Because you’re a doctor for me.” The child spoke with determination, and Kyle couldn’t help but smile in response. The girl’s face lit up like the sun, her stubbornness endearing to him.

“This is for you, sir.” The child fumbled in her pockets and pulled out a ripe peach. “You gave me chocolate last time, and cookies.”

“Is that why you’re repaying me?” Kyle asked with a smile.

“Yes!” The child’s answer was strong and sure. “It’s a really delicious peach. Make sure you eat it,” she added, as if sharing a great secret.

With that, the child took off down the hallway, leaving Kyle with the peach in his hand. He watched her go, her receding figure reminding him of Leyla in her youth. Before disappearing around the corner, the child turned and waved, her bright smile lighting up the hallway like a torch against void, one last time.

With a peach that the child had given him, Kyle ascended the stairs one more story. He spent the majority of the day in his study at the hospital’s end of the third floor, with the exception of a brief period to assist his father. With a library of Etman’s medical literature that had been accumulated over many generations, it was the ideal location to focus on studies.


Kyle stood up from the desk and walked over to the study’s window. From where he was standing, he could see a little park located behind the hospital. In between looking at the peach in his fingers and a group of white pigeons ascending into the sky, Kyle lowered his sight.

As a young boy, he had a plethora of things he wanted to give to Leyla, the girl he loved the most. He longed to provide her with good school supplies, books, and snacks, his heart breaking at the thought of her going without. To his relief, Leyla accepted his gifts gratefully, but she also made sure to repay him in kind.

At first, Kyle couldn’t help but wonder if Leyla didn’t want to be in debt to him, or even if she hated him? But he soon discovered the truth; Leyla was simply trying to express her gratitude with things that were precious to her.

From that day on, Kyle accepted her gifts with open arms, her offerings of colorful bird feathers, mysterious pebbles, and wild fruits all holding a special place in his heart.

But of all the gifts, it was the wild fruits that he treasured the most. They were a reflection of her wild and free spirit, and every time he bit into one of her offerings, he felt like he knew her a little bit better. And the fruit just like Leyla, were all sweet and delicious.

Kyle sat by the window, staring out at the park below, savoring the taste of the juicy peach in his hand. He allowed himself to let his thoughts drift to the girl who had dominated his childhood, her bright green eyes forever etched in his mind.

Their love was unfulfilled, but the memories of their childhood together were still precious to him like priceless jewels.

Leyla had been his dearest friend, sister, and….his lover,

and those beautiful days they had shared had helped shape him into the person he was today.

He closed his hand around the hard peach pit, the sweet nectar still clinging to his fingers.

Thank you, Leyla,

for all the happiness you’ve brought me,

He thought, a smile spreading across his face.

With a sense of contentment, Kyle stood up, the sunlight cracking through the window, bathing him in a warm glow.

He made his way to his desk, piled high with medical books, and slowly opened the bookshelf. It had become a daily ritual for him to look at the picture frame, remembering the girl who had once been a precious part of his life.


As he began to study, the quiet room was filled with the sound of pages turning and Kyle’s mind filled with memories of her.





Leyla carefully examined the photograph once again after meticulously cleaning the frame to her satisfaction. The Duke was depicted in Bill Remmer’s lone photograph. He was positioned in the middle, with the other users lining up behind him.

Her eyes shifted from Uncle Bill’s extreme left side and paused on the face of the young kid Duke in the center. The year before the mail wagon carried the girl was shown at the bottom of the image.

He appeared to be a boy of around 17, yet oddly, his stance and demeanor were the same as they were right now. Matthias had a similar reaction to the pictures and portraits that were displayed throughout the Duke’s home. Even when he was quite little.

Leyla beamed a little because she found it comical. She then gave Uncle Bill another soft glance that had a hint of her smile.

Leyla couldn’t help but daydream about taking a trip to Lovita with Matthias during their next vacation. The two countries had once been at war, but now the border was open and relations were slowly improving.

Though she knew the winter would be tough, she couldn’t help but hope that next year they could make the journey. She longed to visit Sienna and pay her respects at Uncle Bill’s graveside, where she could imagine him resting peacefully on the beautiful beaches.

Leyla’s heart skipped a beat as she heard the knock on the door. She was excited for the rare opportunity to spend some alone time with her son, Felix, now that Elysee von Herhardt was going out for the afternoon.

“Yes, come on in!”

As she made her way to the door, Felix’s bright laughter was heard coming from the other side, penetrating through thick walls.

When she opened the door, she was greeted by the nanny, who skillfully handed Felix over to her. Leyla couldn’t help but feel her heart melt as she hugged her son, who had been so mature and well-behaved with his two grandmothers.

“Duchess Norma is taking a nap, and Duchess Elysee is getting ready to go out. And the master is coming back this afternoon,” the nanny informed her in a subtle tone.


“Already?” Leyla’s eyes widened in surprise, her excitement growing. She had been waiting day by day, there’s still another day left to fill a week.

“Yes. Mr. Evers said he had contacted Carlsbar Central Station to wait until three o’clock,” the nanny added.

Leyla’s smile grew brighter like a rising moon, she was willing to forgive Matthias for not promising to come back early after several phone calls. It was a pleasure to be able to reduce the number of days that felt too long.

I’m going to take Felix on a walk.” Leyla checked at her watch, a tinge of excitement in her voice. ” You needn’t come along,” she added.

“Yes, my lady. Go ahead.” The nanny smiled at the Duchess’s order.


Side Story 16







The car that carried the Duke out of the city towards Arvis was filled with a deafening silence. Though it appeared as though the Duke was handling his packed schedule with ease, he was quietly dozing off, buried in the sheets, as if he was carrying the weight of exhaustion on his shoulders. Mark Evers, who had been pushing through the demanding schedule, also became unusually quiet, his usual chatter replaced with a contemplative lull.

The fresh aroma of pine trees began to fill the air as the car slowly made its way down the secluded road leading to the fief. The rustling of leaves, signaling the start of Arvis, could also be heard. Mark Evers, lost in the tranquil beauty of the landscape, suddenly sat up straight in his seat. Almost at the same time, the driver spotted a woman walking across the street. Leyla von Herhardt, the Duchess, with her son in her arms.

Mark Evers turned to wake his sleeping master, but quickly realized it was unnecessary. The Duke had already opened his eyes, his gaze fixed on the window, where he saw his wife. His face was adorned with a faint smile, a sight that Mark Evers knew to be reserved for the Duchess alone.

Without hesitation, Mark Evers gestured for the driver to stop the car and the Duke stepped out, leaving his jacket behind.

“Thank you for your hard work,” Matthias said, before adjusting his jacket and tie, making sure everything was in its place. His smooth movements, from buttoning his jacket to adjusting his cufflinks, were effortless as flowing water.

“I’ll see you at the mansion,” Matthias said softly as he turned to leave. The moment Leyla caught sight of him, she waved her hand, and Felix, in her arms, mimicked her.

Matthias laid his hands nonchalantly on his back and started to stroll towards his wife and son. The automobile continued to go away in silence. Leyla’s steps accelerated as the car vanished from view. She walked with the grace of a feather even while carrying Felix, who grew heavier every day.

Matthias halted in his tracks. For a moment, his cerulean eyes captured a beautiful image of her walking down the path, past the flickering shadows of the lovely trees.

…and here she comes.

She was approaching him like the sound of an endless green wave, the wind playing with her hair.


The sound of laughter and joy filled the dull air as she paused her stride. Matthias, caught off guard by her sudden stop, watched as she chatted and laughed with their son before slowly put him down in the ground.

“Daddy!” Felix’s shout jarred the slumbering afternoon. The child broke free from her grasp and ran towards his father with arms wide open.

His roomy sailor collar flapped like wings as he waddled. Matthias scooped up the young boy with a smile, marveling at how much stronger and sure-footed he had become, making it quite a distance without tripping.

“Hello, daddy.” Felix grinned and waved at him, then happily hugged his father’s leg.

“Hello” Matthias smiled, taking a glance at his child, and picked him up. “Felix.”

Leyla joined in their embrace with a face beaming with happiness. Matthias reached out and took her hand. Together, the three of them began walking hand in hand along the Platanus trail, basking in the late summer sun and each other’s company. Like a shaft of sunshine breaking through the trees, Leyla’s voice glittered with joy as she recalled the events of the past week and the botany she learned today.

“I’m so glad you came back early,” she said, her eyes shining with happiness as she looked up at Matthias.

Matthias turned his head and looked down at his wife standing next to him. Her gaze met his with a fiery intensity as she eagerly awaited his response.

“I’ve been waiting for a long time,” she exclaimed, her voice filled with longing.

“You’re going to use it as a means of desire?” Matthias teased, but Leyla was undeterred.

“Yes,” she responded confidently. “That’s not everything, but that’s true.”

Ears that were all crimson and hands that were all a-flutter, little bit of shyness that couldn’t be hide not even with a child’s laughing, was actually rather endearing. The excitement bubbling within her was palpable, and Matthias couldn’t help but feel swept up in it.

With a bold laugh, she grabbed Matthias’ hand and pulled him along the Platanus road, exchanging silly jokes and laughter as they walked side by side, turning the once peaceful road into a hubbub.

As they approached the grand, colorful gates of Arvis, Leyla paused, her expression growing serious. “I missed you,” she confessed, her eyes shining with emotion. “I keep thinking of you, and the more I think about you, the more I missed you. So I’ve been waiting a long time.”

She felt a little hollow after realizing that it was much simpler than she had expected to voice her mind.

“And you?” Leyla asked, even though she already knew the answer, “Did you miss me? Like a demanding baby, all she wanted was to hear his answer.


Matthias didn’t need to say anything, his actions spoke louder than words as he pulled Leyla into a tender kiss. Leyla accepted his answer. She loved the sweetness and intimacy of their kiss, the way their lips brushed and their breath mingled. Not even in her wildest dreams did she think she’d be able to share this moment with this man.

“Daddy, daddy.” Felix’s unexpected, heartbreaking cry broke the silence. The child started whining just as their lips were about to touch again,

“Dad..Dad….” He was wriggling in Matthias’ arms, wanting his own kiss from his father. “Me too…me

too!” with a pout on his face, he looked at his dad and then kissed him on the cheek.

“Good for you, Matthy, Because your son loves you so much.” Leyla looked on at the two men with a warmth in her heart. ‘Go and show him how much you love.’ Felix was definitely a really smart kid given how well he grasped the meaning of that word.

Laughing and filled with love, Matthias obliged, planting a kiss on his son’s cheek. Felix began to laugh and chatter excitedly, as if he was happy with the love he received.

“Our next child will love you like Felix,” Leyla declared, her eyes locked onto Matthias’. “I’m sure it is. I can be sure.”

Together, the three of them walked through the gates of Arvis, their hearts full of love, hope and excitement for the future.







The Duke’s family left Arvis as the cool winds of fall began to blow, signaling the end of summer.

Felix, who had only been with the family for a short time, had grown significantly and surprised the staff at the Ratz mansion. Leyla, meanwhile, had been working hard to prepare for the next semester of school and had learned how to swim. She was proud of her academic progress, but was even more thrilled to be able to float in the water without fear.

“I want to learn backstroke next summer.” One evening, as she sat on the dock watching the sunset, she expressed her desire. “I want to be able to swim like you”

Matthias, who was with her, only smiled in response, but Leyla felt her pride hurt a little.

“Fine.” he said, soft like a waterbird’s feather. “Let’s do it. I’ll teach you.”

With just that word, Leyla felt like she was living a happy summer again.

The question is when is the right time to tell him?


Leyla sent a doubtful glance Matthias’ way across the table. She caught the attention of him, who had just set down his glass of water. Mathias was illuminated by a dry ray of sunlight that peaked through the new drapes and twitched his brows as if he had something to say.

“Are you busy today?” Leyla asked, looking at Matthias’ familiar face that had changed a bit, but still retained its familiar features. She gently picked up her napkin.

“Maybe,”

“Then would it be hard to have dinner together?” Leyla asked.

“Well…” Matthias paused for a moment, lost in thought. He then rang for a server and waited for them to come over. Leyla held her napkin tightly as she waited for their conversation to end.

“Leyla, do you mind if the meal is a little late?” Matthias asked the server.

“How late?”

“Maybe around 9,” Matthias said.

“All right, I’ll wait,” Leyla readily agreed. She considered whether it would be better to talk now, but decided it would be better to wait and make sure.

After finishing his meal, Matthias quickly left for work, leaving Leyla behind. Instead of tending to the garden or reading, as she usually did, Leyla lay down on the long sofa in the drawing room and closed her eyes for a moment. But when she woke up, it was time for her to head off to school.

“Are you all right, my lady?” The nanny asked anxiously, as she entered the room with Felix. “Are you feeling unwell?”

“No, I’m not sick,” Leyla replied, giving Felix an awkward hug.

“But these days, you’ve been feeling tired and sleepy, and…” The nanny’s eyes grew wide with worry. “Don’t tell me…”

“Can I see Dr. Feller this evening?” Leyla asked shyly, patting Felix on the head.

“Of course, my lady! Should we call him now?” The nanny’s eyes were fixed on Leyla’s blushing cheeks.

Leyla, lost in thought for a moment, shook her head.

“I’ll see him in the evening, after class,” Leyla said.

“School? Oh, my lady, are you going to school?” The nanny exclaimed, surprised.

But Leyla simply nodded calmly, her gentle smile hiding a determined glint in her eyes. The nanny, who knew Leyla to be a stubborn Duchess, knew there was no changing her mind.


“You’re not going to ride your bike, are you?” The nanny asked, noticing Leyla’s silver bicycle leaning against the mansion’s flower bed. Leyla laughed and shook her head.

“I won’t ride a bike.”

“Then, hurry up and get the car…….”

“No, I’ll walk there. It’ll be a nice walk,” Leyla said, as she picked up her leather bag, an old birthday present from her uncle Bill, and slung it over her shoulder.

The nannies and maids were left in shock and disbelief as they tried in vain to change Leyla’s mind, but to no avail. Leyla finally managed to go to school only after reassuring the girls who followed her to the entrance of the mansion.

“Oh! I’ll tell the Duke myself after seeing Mr. Feller!” Leyla exclaimed, turning around with a spring in her step. The puzzled maids’ faces soon transformed into smiles, mirroring Leyla’s own.

“Yes, my lady!” They chorused in unison, basking in the autumn sun. “Don’t worry. We’ll keep it a secret!”

he Duchess’s determination and confidence left them in awe, they agreed to keep her secret, secret.


Side Story 17







The announcement of the Duchess of Herhardt’s pregnancy swiftly circulated amongst the upper echelons of Carlsbar and Ratz. While it’s not unusual for a vibrant and fertile couple to expand their brood, the tantalizing tidbit that the expectant Duchess is currently enrolled in college set tongues wagging with fervor.

“A child born of such brilliance is sure to be exceptional,”

Elysee von Herhardt shared her viewpoint, and Norma had a similar attitude. No matter what they thought, Matthias had already decided, so there was no point in arguing with him about it. His ability to create a happy union despite the apparent drawbacks of his previous marriage was actually a credit to his tenacity.

“If you do choose to proceed, give it your all,” During their recent phone call, Elysee mentioned something unexpected before they hung up. “This means that as a member of the esteemed Herhardt family, you must not allow anyone to disregard you. Is that clear?”

Leyla could now distinguish the intricacies in her mother-in-tone law’s despite her low voice. She saw that when it was conveying sincere feelings, it grew kinder and more deliberate.

“Yes, mother!” Leyla exclaimed with unbridled enthusiasm, unaware of the fervor in her voice. “I will give it my all. I promise to do my very best.”

Elysee sighed with a hint of concern, wondering if Leyla’s exuberance was too unladylike, but she refrained from voicing any complaints. Leyla was determined to keep her promise to her family, and she would try her hardest to do so. However, there are certain things in life that even an unwavering will cannot conquer, and morning sickness was undoubtedly one of them.

As the morning sickness resurfaced, Leyla found herself succumbing to exhaustion and sought refuge on the couch, covering herself with a throw blanket. Soon, she drifted off into a deep slumber. When she eventually stirred from her sleep, she noticed the fading sunlight filtering through the curtains and the comforting presence of Matthias by her side. A radiant smile illuminated her pallid features as she realized she was cradled in his embrace.

“Have you had anything to eat?” Matthias asked Leyla, as their eyes locked. He had asked the question with the regularity of a routine greeting ever since the beginning of her morning sickness.

“I managed to eat a bit today.” she replied, gently touching her stomach.


Matthias lifted his gaze and glanced the basket of peaches on the table. “Another peach?” he queried, noting that their bedroom had been perfumed with the sweet aroma of the fruit ever since Leyla became pregnant.

Leyla had announced her pregnancy during a late dinner they shared one night, her eyes sparkling with uncontainable excitement and anticipation, as if she were divulging a secret surprise. Matthias had to be cautious in concealing the fact that he already knew, putting forth a concerted effort to keep his composure.

As Matthias observed Leyla attempting to suppress what she wanted to divulge that morning, an inkling of apprehension stirred within him. By the evening, his intuition had been confirmed during a phone conversation with his physician, Dr. Feller.

“I believe my wife may be pregnant,”

Matthias disclosed over the phone. He requested an appointment with his physician, and as he relayed his suspicion, the doctor remained silent for a prolonged moment.

“Did you already have an inkling, Your Grace?” the doctor inquired, his voice betraying a sense of indescribable awkwardness. “The Duchess wishes to inform you of the news in person, so please maintain discretion…”

“Understood,” Matthias replied to the doctor, his voice calm but tinged with embarrassment. “I’ll feign ignorance.”

It wasn’t difficult to comprehend Leyla’s desire for secrecy, and so Matthias took it upon himself to safeguard the information.

“My wife had a rough time with her first pregnancy.” As the preliminaries were finished, Matthias spoke calmly about the subject at hand. His military wounds pale in comparison to the recollections of those times when he was powerless to save a Leyla who was nine months pregnant.

“I hope things go smoothly this time,” Matthias spoke in a soft voice that lacked its usual conviction. “Although, I trust that with Dr. Feller’s expertise, any worries I have will be rendered meaningless.”

The call drew to a close with formalities exchanged, but the weight of Matthias’ request lingered in the air. “Please take good care of my wife,” he repeated, a note of urgency in his voice.

After that, the doctor routinely visited the mansion without requesting a visit to check the Duchess’s

health. They trusted Dr. Feller’s expertise and were comforted by the fact that Leyla and the baby were healthy, aside from the usual morning sickness.

But Matthias couldn’t shake off the feeling of anticipation and excitement as they headed back to the mansion that night. He knew the surprise that awaited him, yet Leyla seemed to be playing a game of cat and mouse with her words during dinner, teasing him with her hints.


As the night grew longer, Matthias’s expectations only grew stronger, fueling his eagerness to finally hear the words he had been waiting for.

Matthias felt relieved at Leyla’s response, but he couldn’t shake off the feeling that he should have reacted better.

‘How does he feel?’

Obviously, that was the simplest thing to answer.

‘He is happy.’

The miracle of life was growing inside the woman he loved, it was also Leyla’s fondest wish. He doubt Leyla had anything she was more excited for. They work hard at making child an actuality. And naturally, this would happen; it was predictable.

It wasn’t until Leyla’s confession after dinner that the missing piece fell into place. Matthias was struck with a mix of emotions, but Leyla’s joy and excitement were contagious.

“Can you give me a hug?” Leyla asked by showing her arms wide open “Please give me a hug,” Her emerald eyes sparkled brightly, filled with cautious expectations and tension. For him, hugging the attractive woman with all his strength wasn’t difficult at all.

Matthias gave Leyla an unexpected gift that day: a basket of luscious, juicy peaches.

‘I want sweet and crunchy peach. That look flawless and pretty.’

Leyla said seriously, staring at him who first struggled to understand the significance of her demand. But as Leyla described how crucial the sweet fruit was to satisfying her pregnancy cravings, as elusive as the wish was, Matthias was willing to grant it.

Leyla’s face beamed as she held a basket of peaches in her arms, which was hardly a gift. She carefully chose the best peaches for her beloved while maintaining a determined expression in her eyes. Over time, Matthias, who had been watching, started laughing

“You can have them all to yourself, Leyla,”

“Still…”Leyla’s serious expression remained unchanged as she extended a peach in each hand towards Matthias. “Which one do you think is the most beautiful?” Leyla claimed, implausibly, that in Matthias’s opinion, both peaches are identical.

“You pick one for me. I’m going to eat the prettiest one first.” Matthias chuckled at Leyla’s enthusiasm for peaches. He could see the joy in her eyes as she carefully inspected each one, trying to find the perfect one.

Matthias carefully examined the basket of peaches. Finally, his eyes landed on a particularly vibrant and luscious peach on the left-hand side of the basket. He held it up to Leyla with a sense of triumph.


As she gazed at the chosen peach, a mixture of emotions flickered across Leyla’s face. Matthias could sense her inner turmoil, but he didn’t pry. Instead, he stood by her side, offering silent support as she composed herself.

Soon enough, Leyla’s laughter echoed through the room, and she began to eat the peaches one by one with utmost care and reverence. Each bite seemed like a small ritual to Matthias, who remembered the sweet scent and sound of Leyla enjoying the fruit on a previous occasion.

As he watched her savor the peaches, Matthias couldn’t help but feel a surge of emotion. He knew that their child was growing inside Leyla’s belly, nourished by the same sweetness and care that she was now taking with each bite. It was a moment he would never forget.

“I ate peaches, and I ate other things.” Leyla spoke inaudibly, as if in a dream, and her voice was scarcely heard. In a trance-like state, Matthias continued to tenderly brush her head.

“What else?” Matthias leaned in with a curious expression, his eyes fixed on her face.

“A tiny chicken and an egg and a little bit of bread,” she murmured, her words barely audible as she snuggled closer to him.

Matthias gazed down at his wife with a furrowed brow, concern etched on his face. “Isn’t that food bad for you to eat when you’re not feeling well?” he asked, his voice laced with worry.

Leyla’s eyes widened with surprise as she looked at him “Don’t be quick to blame the servants for something I’ve already approved,” she said firmly. “I did my research and found out that a well-formed placenta can help alleviate morning sickness. Eating a lot of eggs and meat can also be beneficial for the baby’s development.”

“The thought of consuming it during bouts of nausea doesn’t sound appealing,”

“I need to focus on my studies, and I can’t afford to have this lingering pain distract me. It’s better to endure a shorter but more intense period of pain than to have it drag on indefinitely.” Leyla’s voice was resolute as she spoke, her eyes fixed on Matthias

“Ah, so it’s not just some random idea you came up with?” Matthias said teasingly.

With a mischievous giggle, Leyla propped herself up on the pillows, her eyes sparkling with amusement. “Well, that conclusion is sensible, isn’t it?” However, the glint in her eyes faded quickly as a wave of nausea washed over her once more. The morning sickness had returned, leaving her looking pale and sickly.

Matthias’ gaze softened as he looked down at Leyla, who was once again lying on his lap. “Why don’t you stay in bed, Leyla?” he suggested gently, brushing a strand of hair from her forehead.


“I’ll be fine here, maybe I’ll sleep here” Leyla shook her head stubbornly, snuggling closer to him, “For some reason, my morning sickness seems to worsen when I lie in bed. Maybe it’s the angle or something.”

“What sets apart a sofa from a bed?”

“I’m not sure about that, but it just seems like…… That is the feeling.”

Leyla’s words might have seemed illogical, but Matthias couldn’t help but find her adorable as she spoke with a glint in her eyes.

“I know It does seem a little implausible.” After close inspection, Leyla scrunched up her face in displeasure at her husband’s strange approach to treating nausea by eating eggs and meat while avoiding sleeping on a bed because of discomfort. “Unfortunately, I’m powerless in this situation. If morning sickness takes over, my ability to think logically goes out the window.” Her voice trailed off as she admitted. She squeezed her eyes shut tightly, despite having much more to express. Matthias placed a cold hand on her sweat-dampened forehead and let out a quiet exhale.

“Matthy, could you read me a book?” Leyla’s eyes fluttered open after a prolonged period of rest, and she addressed Matthias with a request. Her plea caused a crease to form on Matthias’ forehead, accentuating the worry lines etched there.

“Books?” Matthias echoed, slightly puzzled.

Leyla’s eyes fixated on a book laid out on the table, “Could you take a look at that book for me? I haven’t completed my test yet, and it might help if you read it out loud.” She gestured towards a paleontology book sitting adjacent to a basket of fresh peaches.

With a grin, Matthias opened the thick tome, bearing the remnants of Leyla’s fingerprints. As he began to speak, his voice resonated with a soothing quality, delving into the intricate details of ancient life’s evolution. The fragrance of the peaches mingled with the gentle cadence of his voice, permeating the stillness of the night air.

Leyla shut her eyes and listened intently, the occasional pang of nausea quelled by the pleasant atmosphere around her. It turned out to be a rather tranquil evening.



As the winter break drew near, Leyla von Herhardt’s reputation had taken a nosedive, earning her a notorious status. The Duchess, who had been held in high regard by her peers in the previous semester, was now viewed with a mixture of fear and disdain, as her visibly pregnant form made an appearance in the classroom.

Yet, as Leyla stood before a poster, her swollen belly proudly displayed, her face radiated with a bright aura of contentment, undaunted by the snide remarks and sarcastic congratulations thrown her way.


Her joyous smile spoke volumes about her unshakeable spirit, defying the notion that she was as “crazy” as her husband.

“You’re not your average kid, are you?” Elysee von Herhardt’s voice crackled over the phone as she processed the news, yet, there was a hint of pride in her voice as she praised Leyla, “You’ve done an outstanding job, my dear.” As she bid her farewell, her tone softened, conveying a deep affection for her unconventional offspring.

Leyla replayed the brief conversation in her mind, relishing the joy it had brought her. And each time she did, she felt a fluttering sensation in her stomach, as if the child within was also sharing in her happiness.

“Matthy! Quick! Come here!” Leyla exclaimed, sensing the tiny life within her stir. She longed for Matthias to share in the moment with her, but he remained as composed as ever.

“It’s moving, can’t you feel it?” Leyla urged, pulling his hand to her abdomen, where the baby was kicking and squirming, almost as if it was eager to make its presence known.

Matthias acquiesced to his wife’s request, staying by her side as she excitedly shared the movements of their unborn child. Although it wasn’t their first pregnancy, there was still a sense of wonder and joy in seeing their child come to life within her.

Leyla finally released his hands once the baby settled down. He remained by her side, gazing at her lying in bed. The flickering flames of the fireplace danced across her body, casting shadows that accentuated her curves.

“Let me take care of you,” Matthias offered, his hand tenderly holding a towel as he approached her chest. Leyla hesitated at first but then relaxed as Matthias gently wiped her body, his touch conveying his love and care for her.

Leyla’s initial hesitation gave way to a rush of excitement as Matthias’ towel touched her skin, sending shivers down her spine. The warmth of the towel coupled with the tender touch of her husband ignited a fire within her, causing her heartbeat to quicken with each passing moment.

Matthias held back until Leyla’s cheeks were flushed with desire. His gaze lingered on her body, now carrying their child, giving him a sense of pleasure unlike any before. It was a contented feeling, a sense of fulfillment that left Leyla feeling drowsy yet satisfied.

As they lay in bed, intertwined and holding each other close, Leyla buried her face in the crook of his neck, relishing the comfort of his embrace. The once unfamiliar experience of sleeping in each other’s arms had become a nightly ritual, bringing them closer together as they awaited the arrival of their child.

Leyla’s voice trailed off into the quiet darkness of the room, her worries about her changing body weighing heavily on her mind. “Soon, I’ll resemble a penguin,” she whispered softly, almost to herself.


“”Maybe I won’t look pretty anymore. But can you still tell me that I’m pretty?” Her question hung in the air, seeking reassurance.

Matthias’s gentle lips on her forehead was comforting as he listened to her concerns. Without hesitation, he answered her unspoken plea. “I will” His voice was filled with love and tenderness as he held her close, promising to shower her with compliments as much as she needed. “I’ll tell you’re pretty as many times as you want to hear it, Leyla.”


Side Story 18

(END)






With the arrival of spring, a new Herhardt emerged into the world. The sun shone brightly on that afternoon, casting a warm glow on the blooming buds of the flower tree.

In a hushed tone and with swift steps, the hospital staff approached and shared the news, “A baby has been born to the Duchess and they are preparing to introduce the newborn to you shortly.”

Matthias gently placed his cup down on the table and turned his head towards the door. As the formal message of congratulations from the staff came to a close, a team of medical professionals led by none other than Dr. Feller, Matthias’ personal physician, entered the room. They provided updates on the health and wellbeing of both mother and child, and bid their congratulations before departing with beaming smiles.

The VIP room, reserved exclusively for the Duke’s family, was enveloped in a serene stillness. Matthias sat in contemplative silence, his gaze fixed upon the blossoming branches of the flower tree swaying outside the window. The two mistresses of Arvis sat across from him, observing his wordless demeanor with a quiet understanding. Meanwhile, Felix, who had eagerly awaited the arrival of his new sibling, had succumbed to slumber after an arduous wait.

As the golden light of spring flooded into the VIP room, a gentle voice pierced the serene stillness. “Congratulations, Matthias, for now you have been blessed with the gift of two children,” Norma whispered. Her voice carrying a sense of warm familiarity that only a grandmother could impart.

Arriving at the hospital straight from the company, Matthias cut an impeccable figure – the very epitome of a Duke Herhardt. His expression and demeanor were equally unblemished, leaving little indication that he was a man consumed with worry upon hearing the news of his beloved wife’s childbirth. The two Duchesses, apprehensive that Matthias might display any unbecoming behavior that would betray his royal station, exchanged embarrassed glances that could not have been more divergent in nature.

“Thank you, Grandma. And Mother.” Matthias turned his gaze to his grandmother and mother with a serene countenance and spoke in a measured tone, his lips curled up into a gentle smile, one that was no different from his usual expression of composed elegance.

As they engaged in some ceremonial small talk, the attendant made a reappearance, interrupting their conversation with news that the hospital room had been thoroughly cleaned and was now ready for their use.


“We shall venture forth as a family once Felix awakens, so you go to Leyla first.” Elysee spoke to Matthias, as she lovingly patted her slumbering grandson’s head, cradled securely in her arms. While she was uncertain of Matthias’ thoughts on the matter, she felt that it was only fitting for Leyla to be greeted first by her husband.

Matthias rose from his seat, offering a curt nod of acknowledgement before departing the VIP room. As he smoothed out the fabric of his clothes, the manner in which he exited seemed almost callous and detached.

Elysee von Herhardt, watching her son’s departure with a furrowed brow, could not help but feel a pang of disappointment. “I carried him in my heart all these years, yet I hardly recognize the man before me,” she lamented, her gaze turning to Norma with a questioning glint in her eye. “How can he be so indifferent on a day like this, after what he had done for his wife.”

In the waning days of the previous month, Matthias revealed his bold plan to relocate the final resting place of Bill Remmer, situated in Lovita, to the town of Berg. However, in order to expeditehis plan, he required the full cooperation of Lovita’s royal family.

Although Elysee von Herhardt raised objections, Norma, being the wise matriarch that she is, ultimately acquiesced to her grandson’s wishes. She understood all too well the profound sorrow of a child separated from their parents’ graves in a distant land beyond the border.

“What do you mean by parents?” Elysee von Herhardth inquired, pondering the true origins of the Duchess of Herhardt. Does Matthias wanted to brazenly proclaim the empire that his wife is a gardener’s daughter?

Elysee von Herhardt recoiled at the thought, yet found herself unable to resist until the bitter end. Tormented by the idea for days on end, she eventually relented, albeit with a caveat. She would never permit a gardener to be laid to rest in the family’s hallowed cemetery.

Luckily, her son possessed enough sanity to eschew such a brazen act. Instead, the gardener was interred in a new plot not too far from Arvis. And come springtime’s end, Bill Remmer would slumber peacefully, gazing out upon the verdant forest he had so cherished in life.

“The magnitude of love that we once shared cannot have dissipated overnight, but alas,” sighed Elysee, her voice tinged with melancholy. “Today. . . . .”

“Have a look at this Elysee!” Norma chuckeled, gesturing towards the table’s forefront where Matthias had been seated not long ago. Something glittering had caught her eye, resting beside the untouched teacup. It was none other than Matthias’ cuff button.

Elysee von Herhardt’s pupils dilated in recognition as she pieced together the implications of this trinket’s presence.


“Sweet heavens above,” gasped Elysee, unable to fathom that her usually composed son could have been responsible for such a fidgety blunder. What’s more, she couldn’t shake the memory of how he had carelessly left his belongings behind, neglecting to acknowledge the mess he had made of her outfit in the process.

Matthias, typically the epitome of cool and collected, was now evidently riddled with anxiety.

“By the heavens, Matthias!” Those were the only words that escaped her lips.



The VIP room was partitioned into two distinct areas: a reception room reserved for visitors and a separate hospital room designated for patients. Matthias traversed the corridor connecting these spaces with a measured gait, every footfall conjuring up memories of the child’s conception, growth, and eventual emergence into the world.

With newfound understanding, Matthias now comprehended the fullness of Leyla’s pregnancy. Now he knew what was going through her mind during those trying months, and how much laughter had filled their lives.

Leyla had expressed concerns over her appearance while pregnant, fretting needlessly over her beauty.

But in reality, every passing moment only served to enhance her radiance in his eyes.

Approaching the threshold of the hospital room, Matthias took a moment to collect himself before quietly crossing the threshold, his attendant trailing close behind. He had received word that both mother and child were in good health, but a tinge of trepidation gnawed at him nonetheless.

It was a feeling that often arose whenever he found himself basking in seemingly unattainable happiness. Mathhias thought to himself, What if everything is really an illusion? What if, upon awakening, he turned out to be only a man, abandoned and infatuated with a love you are unable to share?

“Ma…tthy…”

A frail voice, barely above a whisper, drifted through the door of the hospital room, jolting his out of his reverie. As his gaze flicked towards the sound, he beheld Leyla lying prone on the bed, a mere shadow of her former self, her delicate frame dwarfed by the size of the mattress.

“Matthy…”

Once again, her lips curved upwards in a quiet smile, her voice barely a whisper as she called out to him.

But even in her faintness, her smile shone like a beacon, illuminating Matthias’ reality.

For so long, he had yearned for her, drawing her smile in his mind’s eye, but it was nothing compared to the beauty of this moment, this reality.


As if drawn by an invisible force, Matthias stepped forward and enfolded Leyla in a fierce embrace. She reciprocated, her frail arms trembling as she wrapped them around him.

Their embrace seemed to stretch on for an eternity, until finally, the nurse approached them, cradling the small bundle in her arms. Reluctantly, they pulled away, but their eyes remained locked, conveying a silent understanding and a love that transcended words.

Leyla cradled the little bundle in her arms, her voice quivering as she whispered, “Isn’t she beautiful?” Her face radiated with joy, and tears threatened to spill from her eyes. With a smile that could light up the darkest of nights, “Meet our daughter, Leah.”

The baby was wriggling contentedly in her sleep, almost as if she approved her mother’s chosen name.

Matthias gazed in awe at his daughter’s locks, which were like a sun-kissed field of wheat. “Leah…” He ran his fingers through them, marveling at their silkiness and the way they seemed to glow in the dim light of the room.

The little princess Leah von Herhardt had hair precisely like her mother. They were both golden and soft, seemingly endless in their abundance.



The grave of the gardener was marked by a rose tree. Leyla personally planted the tree on his grave in the summer of the year the tomb was relocated. The tree improved in stature and beauty over the course of a year or so, reaching towards the sun and unfurling delicate shade of pink petals that shone like a beacon of hope, her most prized and beloved rose.

“Mom! It’s grandpa!” Felix exclaimed as he hovered over the grave. His voice brimming with confidence and excitement.

Leyla’s heart warmed at the sight of her son’s enthusiasm. She beamed with pride and nodded, affirming his answer.

“Felix, my little genius, you’ve done it again. You remembered grandpa’s resting place, didn’t you?”

When his mother lavished him with praise, the child confidently shouted the flower’s proper name.

“This is a rose!” With a big smile on his face, Felix hold the rose with both hands.

Felix lovingly whispered the names of all the wonders that surrounded him – the endless expanse of sky, the towering trees, the fluttering birds, and the fluffy clouds. He eagerly shared their names with his toddling sister, while Leah babbled and cooed in response. Despite her incoherent noises, Felix persisted in teaching his little sister the magic of language.

As Felix and Leah chattered like friendly birds, Leyla turned to Uncle Bill’s grave and began speaking to him. She updated him on their lives, telling him about the peculiar and endearing things the children did


at school, passing along greetings from the people of Arvis, and sharing news about Matthias. Leyla spoke of her relief in knowing that her husband was finally able to speak with a more comfortable mind.

It wasn’t until after Uncle Bill’s funeral that Matthias shared this news with Leyla. Initially left speechless, she eventually burst into tears, finally able to release some of the deep guilt and longing she felt for leaving Uncle Bill alone in the distance.

“FELIX! LEAH!”

As the sound of their names echoed through the air, Felix and Leah, inseparable siblings, turned towards their mother’s voice. Holding each other’s tiny hands tightly, they scurried towards her. With sparkling blue eyes, they gazed up at Leyla, who couldn’t help but erupt in uncontrollable laughter at the sight of their innocent faces.

Leyla had always heard people refer to her daughter as “Blonde Matthias,” a nickname that she didn’t mind because it was an undeniable truth. But despite inheriting her mother’s golden locks, little Leah was the spitting image of her father in every other way.

“Just give up, Leyla,” Elysee von Herhardt’s eyes twinkled as she spoke, her voice carrying a gentle and knowing tone. “Have you ever been overwhelmed by the abundance of portraits of the Herhardt family?”

Leyla pondered for a while and eventually unraveled the enigmatic query – the Herhardt family portraits bore a striking resemblance to Matthias and their children.

Elysee paused and gazed at her daughter-in-law with admiration. “It’s a gene that’s hard to beat,” she said with a serious tone. “Having the same hair color as you is like a victory.” As she spoke, she realized that the only thing Leyla had passed down to Leah was the color of her hair.

“Felix, Leah, let’s pay our respects to your grandfather,” Leyla said, her voice now somber as she led them towards Uncle Bill’s tombstone. As they approached, Leyla’s eyes grew heavy with emotion as she gazed upon Leah’s little white shoes.

“Grandpa, I’ll be right back.” Felix mustered up his courage and greeted his grandfather in the most respectful manner he could. The way Felix pronounced “Grandpa” with such childlike innocence was like a sweet melody that filled the air and warmed Leyla’s heart.

In time for lunch, Leyla and her children returned to the mansion. Matthias went out to attend a luncheon meeting, so there were just three duchess servings on the table.



As the last course was served, Leyla took a deep breath and summoned the courage to share her plan. “I have been contemplating the idea for a while now, and I wanted to ask if it would be possible to use the forest cabin as my laboratory?” she asked, her eyes sparkling with anticipation.


“A lab?” Casting a curious gaze towards Leyla, Norma said, “Now this could be just the place for you. With your focus on studying plants and birds, having them in such close proximity could be quite advantageous. What say you, Elysse? Do you think it’s worth considering?”

Leyla fixed her gaze on Elysee von Herhardt’s face. “What does our consent mean when it’s yours anyway? ” Elysee gave Leyla a slightly frowning glance. A scowl marred her face as she flashed a bitter smile.

“But, this Arvis is within your remit; therefore, I must ask for your approval.” Leyla’s grin was forced and her face was clearly tense. The unpleasant expression on Elysee von Herhardt’s face was matched by a smile around her lips.

“It seems that furthering your education is still part of your plan.” Norma’s keen observation led her to remark.

Caught off guard, Leyla responded hesitantly, “What? Oh… yes.”

Elysee contemplated for a moment before expressing her opinion, “Allowing your exceptional intellect to go to waste would be a travesty. Have you considered the possibility of becoming a professor at Ratz University, perhaps under the title of Duchess of Herhardt?” She continued, “In my humble opinion that would be an excellent use of your talents.”

“Professor?” The word reverberated in Leyla’s mind, leaving her taken aback. While she had always planned to pursue further education after completing her undergraduate studies, she had not yet considered any concrete objectives beyond that.

“Well, well, well, what do we have here?” she mused. “Isn’t it possible that being a professor might be a better fit for you than being a social queen?” Elysee’s playful banter stirred something within Leyla, causing her to realize that Elysee’s influence on Matthias ran deeper than just her physical appearance.

“Give it your all, my dear.” Elysee’s gaze fixed upon Leyla as she spoke in a soft tone that echoed that of her son. “The cabin is yours to do with as you please.”



“Daddy!” Felix’s exuberant voice pierced through the air as he spotted the sleek black car pulling up to the annex.

Leyla and Leah, who had been admiring the colorful blooms that lined the road, were startled by the sudden outburst and turned their heads in surprise. As the driver opened the back door, Matthias emerged, fulfilling his promise to take the children out on a boat.

Leyla quickly wiped the blades of grass from her fingers with a hastily retrieved handkerchief, while Felix bolted towards his father with unbridled enthusiasm. Not to be outdone, Leah followed closely behind, her own excitement palpable in the air.


Leyla trailed behind the group, her steps measured and deliberate as she scanned the surrounding area for any sign of danger. Her dress, a delicate confection of colored fabric, fluttered in the gentle breeze, while the lace ribbon of her straw hat danced beneath her chin. Her hair cascaded down her neck in loose waves, lending her an air of ethereal grace.

Matthias looked at them with wonder. The image of his family frolic enjoying the river in the summer was seared into his mind.

He didn’t care which of the children looked like whom; what mattered was that they were safe and happy. Looking at Leah one day, for a moment, Leyla’s words from a long-ago conversation flitted through his mind, but instead of admitting that he had shared her wish, he simply smiled to himself.

In truth, Matthias had always harbored a secret desire for a daughter who resembled Leyla. Leyla wished for it, and it was a greed that all men feel who love their wife.

But, as he held her in his arms, watching her slip into a peaceful slumber, his heart overflowed with a fierce, possessive love, he felt an entirely different kind of longing.

Yes, he was still crazy about her. – and he knew that no matter what the future held, she would always be the one and only woman for him.

Let there be just one Leyla, for she was irreplaceable. And, let him be the only man in the world to have a woman like her. Always, in the present, future, and for all time.

When the moment came as she had given herself over to slumber, he leaned in and placed a soft kiss on her forehead, then on her cheek, and her parted lips, savoring the sweetness of her skin. When he ran his fingers through her hair and caressed the bridge of her nose, a sweet smile bloom on her lips.

He was a less-than-perfect husband no matter how hard he tried, and his twisted love for her may have lasted till he reaches the bottom of his grave.

Certainly, the way he loved was twisted.

Imperfect, but it was still so, so good –

If only Leyla could be his Leyla forever.

Matthias took a step forward, his eyes fixed on the two children running towards him. Felix was in his arms again today, delivering his innocent love with a kiss on his cheek. Matthias returned his son’s kiss and gave the same love to Leah, who became his new joy.

“Matthy! You’re back sooner than I expected,”

Leyla approached, taking a few steps closer to him.

His Leyla….whose smile was the brightest and most beautiful thing in the world.


Matthias carefully handed over his wriggling son to her and cradled his daughter in his arms, stepping closer to his wife. Warm and tender kisses were shared amid their hearty mirth.

In that moment, Matthias wished for nothing more than for her love to remain unchanged. May she always be bathed in the same warm, comforting glow of love, enough to ease the painful memories of her difficult childhood and the hurts he had inflicted upon her. Now that he realized they shared the same love, albeit in a different way.

In fact, it didn’t matter for if he loved her more.

If love had a spectrum of light and shadow, Matthias was willing to stand by her side even if it meant facing the darkest shadows. Because his own happiness was in the radiance of Leyla’s light.

As he extended his hand, Leyla clasped it without hesitation, and together they strolled along the shimmering riverbank. With their daughter cradled in his arms and their son holding his mother’s hand, they were now a family of four.

As they passed beneath Leyla’s cherished tree, Matthias turned his head and gazed back at the path they had just taken. His eyes traveled through the heavenly Arvis laid before him.

The verdant forest…

the glittering river…

and the azure sky filled with soaring birds…

until they finally….came to rest upon her face…..

“Leyla…..”

Following a velvety voice that called her name, Leyla turned her head. When her eyes caught his, her smile became even more radiant.

The afternoon was awash with the beauty of an endless summer forest, shimmering and alive.





THE END
